{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red197\green12\blue32;
\red216\green218\blue220;\red115\green117\blue120;\red30\green30\blue31;\red23\green80\blue128;\red198\green155\blue24;
\red234\green231\blue14;\red84\green128\blue194;\red55\green161\blue57;\red251\green172\blue40;\red185\green181\blue143;
\red128\green0\blue11;\red70\green71\blue73;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c82300\c13700\c16400;
\cssrgb\c87600\c88300\c88900;\cssrgb\c52500\c53300\c54300;\cssrgb\c15900\c15700\c16200;\cssrgb\c10300\c39400\c57600;\cssrgb\c82200\c66600\c11300;
\cssrgb\c93300\c91000\c3700;\cssrgb\c39800\c58000\c80600;\cssrgb\c25400\c67900\c28600;\cssrgb\c99200\c72500\c20000;\cssrgb\c77600\c75700\c62900;
\cssrgb\c58100\c2700\c3800;\cssrgb\c34500\c34900\c35700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs60 \cf2 COMPREHENSIVE RULES\

\fs30 11/1/24 \'96 V 3.0
\fs26 INTRODUCTION\

\fs16 \cf3 This document is the comprehensive rulebook for Star Wars\'99: Unlimited, providing the most detailed explanation of the rules interactions found in the game.\
Its focus is on completeness rather than accessibility, and it is intended for judges and those who seek to understand the game on a fundamental level. To\
learn the game, we recommend reading the Quickstart rules, then referring to information on our website, StarWarsUnlimited.com, for further elaboration.\
The rules in this document are organized by category, each having a unique number for ease of citation (for example, 1.1.2.). The document also features an\
Index/Glossary of important terms and phrases at the end with hyperlinks for quick reference. \cf4 Red text marks additions/changes since the previous version.\
\cf3 If you need further clarifications of any part of this document, you may email us questions through our customer service page at FantasyFlightGames.com.\

\fs26 \cf2 CONTENTS\

\fs14 1. \cf5 GAME CONCEPTS 4\
1. GENERAL 4\
2. DECK 4\
3. GOLDEN RULES 4\
4. PLAYERS, ACTIVE PLAYER 4\
5. CARDS 4\
6. ABILITIES 6\
7. RESOURCES 6\
8. COST 6\
9. DAMAGE 7\
10. POWER 8\
11. HP 8\
12. COUNTERS 8\
13. DRAWING A CARD 9\
14. DISCARDING A CARD 9\
15. ACTIONS 9\
16. GAME STATE 10\
17. OPEN AND HIDDEN INFORMATION 10\
18. DETERMINING RESPONSIBILITY 11\
\cf2 2. \cf5 CARD ANATOMY 12\
1. GENERAL 12\
2. NAME 12\
3. SUBTITLE 12\
4. CARD TYPE 12\
5. ARENA TYPE 12\
6. COST 12\
7. ASPECTS 12\
8. POWER 12\
9. POWER MODIFIER 12\
10. HP 12\
11. HP MODIFIER 13\
12. TRAITS 13\
13. TEXT BOX 13\
14. CREDIT LINE 13\
\cf2 3. \
\cf5 CARD TYPES 14\
1. GENERAL 14\
2. BASE 14\
3. EVENT 14\
4. LEADER 14\
5. UNIT 15\
6. UPGRADE 15\
7. TOKEN 16\
\cf2 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. \cf5 ZONES 17\
1. GENERAL 17\
2. BASE ZONE 17\
3. GROUND ARENA 17\
4. SPACE ARENA 17\
5. RESOURCE ZONE 18\
6. DECK 18\
7. HAND 18\
8. DISCARD PILE 18\
9. IN-PLAY AND OUT-OF-PLAY 18\
10. PLAY AREA 18\
11. SET ASIDE/BEING IN NO ZONE 19\
GAME STRUCTURE 20\
1. GENERAL 20\
2. STARTING THE GAME AND SETUP 20\
3. ROUND 20\
4. ACTION PHASE 20\
5. REGROUP PHASE 21\
6. ENDING THE GAME 21\
ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS 22\
1. GENERAL 22\
2. PLAY A CARD 22\
3. ATTACK WITH A UNIT 23\
4. USE AN ACTION ABILITY 24\
ABILITIES AND EFFECTS 26\
1. GENERAL 26\
2. ACTION ABILITIES 26\
3. CONSTANT ABILITIES 26\
4. EVENT ABILITIES 27\
5. KEYWORD ABILITIES 27\
6. TRIGGERED ABILITIES 30\
7. EFFECTS 31\
ADDITIONAL RULES 34\
1. ASPECT PENALTY 34\
2. \'93ATTACKS AND DEFEATS\'94 34\
3. ATTRIBUTE 34\
4. \'93CAN\'94 AND \'93CAN\'92T\'94 34\
5. CHOOSE 34\
6. COPY 35\
7. EMPTY DECK 35\
8. ENTERS PLAY 35\

\fs16 \cf6 CONTENTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 2
\fs14 \cf2 9. \cf5 FIRST \'93IF YOU DO\'94 IGNORE LAST KNOWN INFORMATION LEAVES PLAY LOOK AT LOSE, LOSES MODIFIERS \'93MUST\'94 NAME A CARD OTHER, ANOTHER PLAY RESTRICTIONS PREVENT (DAMAGE) PRINTED RANDOM REFERENTIAL ABILITIES RETURN REVEAL SEARCH TAKE CONTROL \'93THEN\'94 UNIQUE, UNIQUE ICON (\uc0\u63194 ) UP TO X YOU \'93YOU MAY\'94 CAPTURE \'93FOR EACH\'94 TWO-PLAYER CONSTRUCTED FORMATS GENERAL PREMIER FORMAT \cf2 10. \cf5 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 1. 2. LIMITED FORMATS 1. GENERAL 2. SEALED FORMAT 3. DRAFT FORMAT \cf2 11. \cf5 PLAYING WITH MORE THAN TWO PLAYERS GENERAL GAMEPLAY OVERVIEW PLAYER ELIMINATION ADDITIONAL CLARIFICATIONS 1. 2. 3. 4. \cf2 12. \cf5 TWIN SUNS (MULTIPLAYER FORMAT) GENERAL DECKBUILDING TWO LEADERS SETUP COUNTERS ACTION PHASE ENDING THE GAME \cf2 13. \cf5 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. INDEX/GLOSSARY 35\
36\
36\
36\
36\
36\
36\
37\
38\
38\
38\
38\
38\
39\
39\
39\
39\
39\
40\
40\
40\
40\
41\
41\
41\
41\
42\
43\
43\
43\
44\
44\
44\
44\
46\
46\
46\
46\
46\
48\
48\
48\
48\
48\
48\
49\
49\
50\

\fs16 \cf6 CONTENTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 3
\fs26 \cf2 1. GAME CONCEPTS\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 The rules in this Comprehensive Rules document apply to any game of Star Wars\'99: Unlimited, unless otherwise specified. The game\
is most commonly played between two players, so the language and examples used outside of Sections 11 and 12 assume that two\
people are playing the game. Multiplayer games use most of the same rules as two-player games.\
To play a game, players need one deck each, an initiative counter, damage counters, and token cards matching any types created by\
their decks. Counters and tokens may be substituted with other objects, such as dice.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 DECK\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 There is no maximum number of cards a deck can have. The minimum number of cards in a deck varies by format.\
Leaders and bases are considered part of a deck for deckbuilding, but are not considered part of a deck during gameplay.\
Tokens are not part of a player\'92s deck and do not count toward deck size.\
Players may include cards from any aspect in their deck, even cards with aspect icons that don\'92t match the ones provided by their\
leader and/or base (though playing these cards may incur the aspect penalty).\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 GOLDEN RULES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Card and Rulebook Precedence: If the text of this Comprehensive Rules document directly contradicts the text of the Star Wars:\
Unlimited Quickstart rules, the text of the Comprehensive Rules takes precedence. If the text of a card directly contradicts the text\
of the Comprehensive Rules, the text of the card takes precedence.\
Do as Much as You Can: While resolving a card ability, resolve as much of the ability as possible, and ignore any parts of the ability\
that cannot be resolved. (Note that you may choose to resolve abilities involving hidden information as though you have fewer\
options than you really do.)\
Restrictions Override Permissions: In case of a conflict between a restrictive ability and a permissive ability, the restriction takes\
precedence. For instance, an ability that says a unit \'93can\'92t attack bases\'94 would override an ability that allowed a unit to \'93attack an\
enemy base.\'94\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 PLAYERS, ACTIVE PLAYER\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 A player is a person participating in the game.\
A player\'92s opponent is the other person playing the game.\
The active player is the player that is currently taking an action. Players take turns being the active player during the action phase.\
The first active player in a game is the player that started the game with the initiative counter. Once that player takes their first\
action, their opponent becomes the active player and takes an action, then the first player becomes the active player again and takes\
an action, and so on. Players continue taking turns this way until each player has passed consecutively, which ends the action phase.\
If no player is currently taking an action, such as during the regroup phase, the player with the initiative counter is considered to be\
the active player.\

\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs20 CARDS\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Cards are used to play Star Wars: Unlimited. There are 6 different types of cards: bases, events, leaders, units, upgrades, and\
tokens. \cf8 See 3. Card Types\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card placed in a player\'92s resource zone is referred to as a \'93resource.\'94 A resource is not a card type, but a game object that a card\
becomes when placed into the resource zone. Resources are used to pay the costs of cards and certain abilities. \cf8 See 1.7. Resources\

\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 Ownership and Control\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player is the \'93owner\'94 of a card that started the game in their deck. This includes the deck\'92s leader, base, and any events, units, and\
upgrades that started the game in that deck. A player is also the \'93owner\'94 of any tokens they put into play.\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 4
\fs20 \cf7 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 \cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player is the \'93controller\'94 of a card they put into play. This includes their base, their leader, resources in their resource zone, and\
units, upgrades, and tokens they play or put into play. A player keeps control of a card until either that card leaves play or their\
opponent takes control of it.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 While a player controls a card, they may resolve action abilities on the card, attack with the card if it is a unit, and affect it with\
abilities that affect \'93friendly\'94 cards. A player also must resolve any triggered abilities on a card they control.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an ability instructs a player to \'93take control\'94 of a card, that player will become that card\'92s controller, and remain so until either\
that card leaves play or their opponent takes control of that card. The unit maintains its ready or exhausted status, all damage\
counters on it, and all upgrades attached to it. Its new controller orients it in its arena to face them.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may play an upgrade onto an enemy unit. That player is still the controller of that upgrade, and remains so until otherwise\
specified. If that upgrade gives abilities to the attached unit, the unit\'92s controller resolves those abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a player gives a token upgrade to an opponent\'92s unit, that player is considered to own that token upgrade, not the opponent.\
Friendly and Enemy\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card that a player controls is considered \'93friendly\'94 for that player.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card that a player\'92s opponent controls is considered \'93enemy\'94 for that player.\
Ready and Exhausted\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card is considered \'93ready\'94 when it is turned upright. A card is considered \'93exhausted\'94 when it is turned sideways (rotated 90\
degrees).\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Each non-leader unit and resource enters play exhausted. Upgrades are neither ready nor exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a Leader Unit is deployed, it enters the ground arena ready, even if it was exhausted before. When a Leader Unit is defeated,\
it enters the base zone exhausted, even if it was ready before.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Exhausted cards ready through certain card abilities, or during the regroup phase each round. \cf8 See 5.5. Regroup Phase\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 A ready unit must exhaust when starting an attack, or when paying the cost of an action ability on it that uses a 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63193 
\fs16 \cf7  icon. An\
exhausted unit cannot attack or be used to pay costs that require it to exhaust.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 A ready card can be chosen for a readying effect, but the chosen card does not change orientation and is not considered to have\
been readied for the purpose of \'93If you do\'94 effects. An exhausted card can be chosen for a exhausting effect, but the chosen card\
does not change orientation and is not considered to have been exhausted for the purpose of \'93If you do\'94 effects.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 When paying a card\'92s cost or the cost of an action ability that uses a\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf9 \uc0\u63185 \cf10 \uc0\u63186 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 equal to the number indicated by the cost. An exhausted resource cannot be used to pay a cost.\
icon, the player must exhaust ready resources they control\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 Defeating Cards\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Cards that are in-play, including bases, tokens, units, upgrades, and resources, can be defeated.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A base is defeated when it has damage on it equal to or greater than its HP. When a base is defeated, its owner loses the game.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit is defeated when it has damage on it equal to or greater than its HP, or when an ability defeats it directly. When a non-leader\
unit is defeated, it is moved to its owner\'92s discard pile. The unit\'92s abilities are no longer considered active (though some delayed\
effects may still be active). The unit loses all abilities and modifiers it was given by effects while in play. When a leader unit is\
defeated, it is flipped to its Leader side and moved to its owner\'92s base zone, exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 An upgrade is defeated when the unit it is attached to leaves play, or when an ability defeats it directly. When an upgrade is\
defeated, it is moved to its owner\'92s discard pile. The upgrade\'92s abilities are no longer considered active (though some delayed\
effects may still be active).\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 A token is defeated in the same manner as its non-token card type. When a token is defeated, it is set aside out-of-play.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 A resource is defeated when an ability defeats it. When a resource is defeated, it is moved to its owner\'92s discard pile faceup. When\
a resource is defeated, it does not trigger any \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities on the facedown side of the card.\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 5
\fs20 \cf7 6. 
\fs16 Aspects\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Aspects are colored icons on a card that represent different philosophies or motivations that card embodies. The six aspects are:\
Vigilance\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Command\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf12 \uc0\u63198 \u63190 \cf2 \uc0\u63190 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Aggression\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf4 \uc0\u63195 \u63187 \cf2 \uc0\u63187 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Cunning\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf13 \uc0\u63197 \u63189 \cf2 \uc0\u63189 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Villainy\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs16 \cf7 , and Heroism\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 .\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs18 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A deck\'92s leader and base provide their aspect icons to that deck. Although a player can include units, events, and upgrades of any\
aspect in their deck, if they play a card with aspect icons beyond those provided by the deck\'92s leader and/or base, they will incur\
the aspect penalty: for each icon beyond those provided, the player must pay 2 additional resources in order to play that card. \cf8 See\
8.1. Aspect Penalty\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Most cards have one or two aspect icons, though a small number of cards have none. Cards with no aspect icons are considered\
\'93neutral\'94 cards and are depicted with a gray border. Neutral cards do not incur the aspect penalty when played, as they have no\
aspect icons.\

\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs20 ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 An ability is special text on a card that explains how the card can affect the game. A card may have one or more abilities printed in its\
text box or gain an ability from other cards in play. If a card has multiple different abilities, each ability begins on a new line.\
When a player resolves an ability, they resolve as much of the ability as possible, and ignore any part of the ability that cannot be\
resolved.\
An ability that is able to be resolved must resolve, unless the ability includes the phrase \'93you may.\'94 An ability that includes \'93you may\'94\
gives the player resolving the ability the option of whether or not to resolve that ability.\

\fs20 4. 
\fs16 For example, a unit with an ability that reads, \'93On Attack: You may deal 1 damage to another friendly unit and ready it,\'94 allows the\
player to choose whether or not to deal 1 damage when the unit attacks.\
There are 5 types of abilities in the game: action abilities, constant abilities, event abilities, keyword abilities, and triggered abilities.\
\cf8 See 7. Abilities and Effects\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 RESOURCES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 
\fs16 A resource is a game object used to pay the costs of cards and certain abilities. A card becomes a resource when placed into a\
player\'92s resource zone.\
When paying a card\'92s cost or the cost of an ability that uses a\
the number indicated by the cost. An exhausted resource cannot be used to pay a cost.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf9 \uc0\u63185 \cf10 \uc0\u63186 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon, a player must exhaust ready resources they control equal to\
Resources are placed facedown and remain facedown while in a player\'92s resource zone. A player may view facedown resources they\
control at any time.\
\cf4 The number of ready and exhausted resources in a player\'92s resource zone is public information. The order of those resources does\
not need to be maintained; a player may rearrange their resources at any time, so long as the number of ready and exhausted\
resources is the same after rearrangement as prior to rearrangement. A player may rearrange their resources after another player\
declares their intent to interact with those resources.\
\cf7 If a player controls cards in their resource zone that are owned by an opponent, the ownership of those cards is open information.\
Players can choose to add a card from their hand to their resource zone during each regroup phase. \cf8 See 5.5. Regroup Phase\
\cf7 If an ability instructs a player to put a card into play as a resource, the card is placed facedown and exhausted in that player\'92s\
resource zone unless otherwise specified. The card is not considered \'93played\'94 and no \'93When Played\'94 abilities trigger.\
While a card is in play as a resource, it is considered a blank resource card.\cf4  \cf7 Its facedown side is considered out-of-play, and its\
printed attributes\'97including its name, aspects, traits, and abilities\'97are inactive and do not affect the game unless \cf4 explicitly stated\
in the ability or the associated rules text (as with Smuggle).\
\cf7 For example, a player can control one copy of a unique card faceup in an arena, as well as another copy of that unique card\
facedown as a resource, without needing to defeat one of those copies as per the rules of uniqueness.\

\fs22 \cf2 8.\

\fs20 COST\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A card\'92s \'93cost\'94 is the number of resources that must be exhausted in order to play that card. This is indicated with a numeral in a\
yellow box located in the top left corner of the card.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 When a card is being played, its cost can be modified through abilities and/or the aspect penalty. Any active modifiers to a card\'92s\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 6
\fs20 \cf7 3. 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 cost must be taken into account when paying for the cost of a card; if the player cannot pay a card\'92s cost, they cannot play the card.\
Any modifiers to a card\'92s cost are cumulative. When calculating modified cost, any modifiers that increase cost are applied before\
any modifiers that decrease cost.\
A card\'92s cost cannot be modified below 0. If an ability would cause the cost of a card to be modified below 0, treat that card as having\
0 cost instead.\
If an ability instructs a player to play a card \'93for free,\'94 the player bypasses all modifiers to that card\'92s cost (including the aspect\
penalty), and does not pay any resources to play that card. The player must still pay any additional non-resource costs applied to the\
card.\
If an ability refers to the \'93cost\'94 of a card, that ability always refers to the printed cost of the card. It does not take into account any\
modifiers to the card\'92s cost as it was played. \cf8 See 8.16. Modifiers\

\fs20 \cf7 7. 8. 
\fs16 For example, Andre has Admiral Piett (SOR #079) in play, who has an ability that gives \cf15 Ambush\cf7  to friendly units that cost 6 or more.\
Andre plays Galactic Ambition (SOR #235) to play Relentless (SOR #089) for free. Although Andre didn\'92t spend any resources to play\
Relentless, its printed cost is still 9, which means that Admiral Piett will still give it \cf15 Ambush\cf7 .\
Each leader\'92s Leader Unit side has a printed cost equal to the number of resources required to deploy it, even though deploying\
that leader doesn\'92t require spending resources. Once deployed, card abilities that affect units with a specific cost can also affect a\
Leader Unit in play with that cost.\
Some abilities add an \'93additional cost\'94 to play a card, applying a non-resource cost to that card. In order to play that card, a player\
must both pay the card\'92s cost in resources, and all additional costs applied to the card.\

\fs20 9. 
\fs16 For example, Saw Gerrera (SOR #153) has an ability that requires each opponent to pay an \'93additional cost\'94 to play an event, dealing\
2 damage to their base. If Saw Gerrera is controlled by Ken\'92s opponent, and Ken wanted to play Vanquish (SOR #078), he would have\
to pay 5 resources and deal 2 damage to his base in order to play Vanquish.\
Some cards have action abilities with an ability cost, indicated in brackets following the word \'93Action.\'94 In order to use such an ability,\
the player who controls the card with the ability must pay the cost in brackets. This cost may include various forms of payment such\
as spending resources, exhausting cards, or defeating friendly units. Resolving an action ability this way counts as the player\'92s action\
for the turn.\

\fs20 10. 
\fs16 For example, Emperor Palpatine: Galactic Ruler (SOR #006) has an action ability on his Leader side with an ability cost indicated\
in brackets. In order to use the ability, Palpatine\'92s controller must first pay the full cost of the ability: paying 1 resource, exhausting\
Palpatine, and defeating a friendly unit. After paying this cost, the controller resolves the ability\'92s effect.\
If a replacement effect replaces part or all of a cost with another effect, the cost is still considered paid as long as that other effect\
can be resolved. If a replacement effect can\'92t be resolved, the original cost must be paid in full.\

\fs22 \cf2 9.\

\fs20 DAMAGE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Cards with HP values (units and bases) can be dealt damage by attacks and abilities. Damage dealt is represented by damage\

\fs20 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 
\fs16 counters.\
When damage is dealt to a card, place that many damage counters on that card.\
When damage is healed from a card, remove that many damage counters from that card. If the damage healed exceeds the damage\
that was on the card, remove as much damage as possible instead. An effect only is considered to have healed a unit if at least one\
damage counter is removed.\
A card is considered \'93damaged\'94 if it has at least 1 damage counter on it.\
Damage is persistent. Damage counters remain on cards until either the card leaves play, or the damage is healed. When a card with\
damage on it leaves play, remove any damage counters that were on that card.\
If a unit has damage on it equal to or greater than its HP value, that unit is immediately defeated.\
If a base has damage on it equal to or greater than its HP value, its owner immediately loses the game, and their opponent wins the\
game.\
If an ability deals damage to multiple units, all damage is dealt simultaneously. If an ability deals multiple instances of damage to one\
unit, each instance of damage is dealt sequentially. Resolve any triggered abilities after all damage is dealt.\
If an ability prevents damage from being dealt to a unit or base, no damage is considered dealt to that unit or base, and abilities that\
trigger when damage is dealt don\'92t trigger.\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 7
\fs20 \cf7 10. 11. 
\fs16 \'93Combat damage\'94 is damage dealt during the second step of an attack. Combat damage is both the damage an attacker deals to a\
defender/base, and the damage a defender deals to an attacker. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf7 \'93Excess damage\'94 refers to damage that would be dealt to a unit beyond the amount needed to defeat that unit. Abilities such as\
the \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  keyword can affect excess damage. If a unit is defeated prior to being dealt combat damage by an attacker with\
\cf15 Overwhelm\cf7 , all combat damage that would have been dealt to the unit is considered excess damage.\
\cf4 If a unit\'92s ability deals damage, that unit is considered to have dealt that damage.\

\fs22 \cf2 10.\

\fs20 \cf7 12. \cf2 POWER\

\fs22 11.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. \cf2 HP\

\fs16 \cf7 Power represents the amount of damage a unit deals during combat.\
Units have power values, indicated by a number in a red box in the bottom left corner of the card art. In rules text, this may be\
referred to a card\'92s \'93printed power.\'94\
A unit\'92s power can be modified by upgrades attached to it, or through certain card abilities. Any modifiers to a unit\'92s power are\
cumulative. When calculating modified power, any modifiers that increase power are applied before any modifiers that decrease\
power.\
A card\'92s power cannot be modified below 0. If a card\'92s power would be modified below 0, treat the card\'92s power as 0 instead.\
If an ability refers to the power of a card in play, include any modifiers to its power. If an ability refers to the power of a card in an out-\
of-play zone, use the printed power of the card.\

\fs20 1. 
\fs16 HP, or Hit Points, represents the number of damage counters that can be placed on a card before it is defeated.\

\fs20 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 For example, a unit with 3 HP is defeated when it has 3 or more damage on it.\
Units and bases have HP values, indicated by a number in a blue box in a corner of the card art (bottom right for units, top left for\
bases). In rules text, this may be referred to a card\'92s \'93printed HP.\'94\
A unit\'92s HP can be modified by upgrades attached to it, or through certain card abilities. Any modifiers to a unit\'92s HP are cumulative.\
When calculating modified HP, any modifiers that increase HP are applied before any modifiers that decrease HP.\
A card\'92s HP cannot be modified below 0. If a card\'92s HP would be modified below 0, treat the card\'92s HP as 0 instead.\
A card cannot be healed in excess of its HP. If a card would be healed in excess of its HP, heal as much damage as possible instead.\
The player only is considered to have healed damage equal to the number of damage counters removed.\
A card\'92s \'93remaining HP\'94 is calculated by subtracting the number of damage counters on it from its HP (accounting for any modifiers\
to its HP). If the remaining HP of a card is 0 or less, that card is defeated immediately.\
For example, a unit with 5 HP and 3 damage counters on it has 2 remaining HP.\

\fs22 \cf2 12.\

\fs20 COUNTERS\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Counters are cardboard pieces used to track information during the game. There are three different types of counters: the initiative\
counter, epic action counters, and damage counters. Counters may be substituted with other objects, such as dice.\
The initiative counter is used to keep track of which player has the initiative in the game. The player who starts a round with the\
initiative counter is the first active player for that round and takes the first action in that round.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player can Take the Initiative as their action on their turn, taking control of the initiative counter and flipping it to its \'93taken\'94 side\
(the side without text). Only one player can do this per round, and once they do, they must \'93pass\'94 for any actions they would take for\
the rest of the action phase. \cf8 See 1.15. Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 At the start of a new round, the player who controls the initiative flips it to its \'93available\'94 side (the side with text), showing it can be\
taken that round. That player keeps control of the initiative while it is available.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some cards have abilities that depend on their controller having control of the initiative, usually worded as \'93While you have the\
initiative\'85\'94 or \'93If you have the initiative\'85\'94 These abilities only check if the player controls the initiative counter, and not whether\
the initiative is \'93taken\'94 or \'93available.\'94\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 8
\fs22 \cf2 13.\

\fs20 \cf7 3. 4. \cf2 DRAWING A CARD\

\fs16 \cf7 An epic action counter is used to indicate when a card\'92s Epic Action ability has been used. After using an Epic Action ability, place an\
epic action counter over the text of the ability to remind players that the ability was used and cannot be used again that game.\
Damage counters are used to track damage on cards with HP values, including units and bases. When damage is dealt to a card,\
place that many damage counters on it. If a unit or base ever has damage on it equal to or greater than its HP, it is defeated.\

\fs20 1. 2. 
\fs16 To draw a card, a player takes the top card of their deck and adds it to their hand. Players draw cards during the regroup phase, or\
through certain abilities.\
When a player is instructed to draw multiple cards, those cards are considered to be drawn simultaneously, unless the draw effect\
specifies the cards are drawn \'93one at a time.\'94\
For example, when players are instructed to draw 2 cards during the regroup phase, these cards are considered added to that\
player\'92s hand at the same time.\

\fs22 \cf2 14.\

\fs20 DISCARDING A CARD\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 To \'93discard\'94 a card means to move it to its owner\'92s discard pile from another zone, usually from a player\'92s hand or deck. Certain\
abilities can cause a player to discard a card.\
When an ability discards one or more cards from a player\'92s hand, the player resolving the ability chooses which card(s) to discard,\
unless otherwise specified. In most cases, the player discarding from their own hand chooses, but some abilities have their\
opponent choose instead, usually after the opponent has looked at the player\'92s hand.\
For example, if Lin controls K-2S0 (SOR #145) and Becca defeats him, Lin can choose how to resolve K-2S0\'92s \'93When Defeated\'94\
ability, either dealing 3 damage to Becca\'92s base or making Becca discard a card from her hand. If Lin chooses the discard, Becca\
then chooses which card in her hand to discard; Lin does not choose for Becca.\

\fs20 3. 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 For another example, if Lin later played Spark of Rebellion (SOR #200), its ability instructs Lin to look at his opponent\'92s hand and\
discard a card from it. For this ability, Lin chooses which of Becca\'92s cards is discarded.\
Cards discarded from a deck are always discarded from the top of the deck.\
When an effect discards multiple cards, they are considered discarded simultaneously, unless the ability specifies \'93one at a time.\'94\
If a player has no cards in their hand, they cannot discard a card from their hand.\
When instructed to \'93discard your hand,\'94 a player must discard cards from their hand until they have no cards in hand. If they already\
have no cards in hand, they are considered to have discarded their hand for relevant game effects.\

\fs22 \cf2 15.\

\fs20 ACTIONS\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 During the action phase, players take turns performing one of five actions: Play a Card, Attack With a Unit, Use an Action Ability, Take\
the Initiative, or Pass.\
To play a card, a player chooses a card in their hand, pays resources equal to the cost of the card (accounting for modifiers), then\
either puts it into play (if it is a unit or upgrade) or resolves its ability (if it is an event). A player may also play a card from a non-hand\
zone if that card explicitly allows it (for example, cards with \cf15 Smuggle\cf7 ). \cf8 See 6.2. Play a Card\
\cf7 To attack with a unit, a player exhausts a unit they control (the \'93attacker\'94) and chooses what that unit is attacking: either an enemy\
unit in the same arena (the \'93defender\'94) or the opponent\'92s base. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf7 To use an action ability, a player chooses a card they control with an action ability. They pay the ability\'92s cost if it has one, then\
resolve the ability\'92s effect. A player may also use an action ability on a card in one of their out-of-play zones if the ability explicitly\
allows it. \cf8 See 6.4. Use an Action Ability\
\cf7 To take the initiative, a player takes the initiative counter (even if they already have it) and places it near them, showing they have\
control of it. Then they flip the initiative counter to its \'93taken\'94 side (the side without text) to remind both players it cannot be taken\
again that phase. They flip it back to its \'93available\'94 side (the side with text) at the start of the next action phase.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Only one player can take this action each round. Once one player has taken the initiative, no other players may perform the Take the\
Initiative action.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 After taking the initiative, a player cannot use their turn to take any further actions for the rest of that round\'92s action phase. They\
are considered to have \'93passed,\'94 and they automatically \'93pass\'94 for all remaining turns they would take that phase. However, they\
still resolve any triggered abilities they control during that phase.\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 9
\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a player takes the initiative on the turn immediately after their opponent passes, the action phase ends.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If no player takes the initiative during the action phase, the player with the initiative keeps control of it and starts the next round as\
the first active player.\

\fs20 6. 
\fs16 To pass, a player declares that they are passing.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a player passes, they are considered to have done nothing during their action.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may pass even if there are other actions available for them to take.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player must notify their opponent when they pass (such as by saying \'93I pass\'94 or making a clear gesture). Once the player does\
so, their opponent becomes the active player and takes a turn (unless both players have passed consecutively, in which case the\
action phase ends).\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 When each player has passed consecutively (including when one player takes the initiative after their opponent passes), the action\
phase immediately ends and play proceeds to the regroup phase.\

\fs22 \cf2 16.\

\fs20 GAME STATE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 \'93The game state\'94 refers to: each card\'92s current zone, controller, attributes, and status (ready/exhausted and faceup/facedown); the\
initiative counter\'92s controller and status (taken/available); the status of open and hidden information for a player; the status of all\
active lasting effects and delayed effects; and the status of Epic Action abilities (used/unused). An action, ability, or payment of a\
cost that changes any of these elements is considered to change the game state.\
A player must change the game state when they take any action other than passing during their turn. If a chosen action would not\
change the game state, a player must choose a different action to take or pass.\
Examples of changing the game state include, but are not limited to: paying a cost, drawing/discarding a card, readying/exhausting\
a card, damaging/healing a card, looking at/searching/revealing a card, changing a card\'92s zone (via playing it, defeating it, etc.),\
modifying a card\'92s power or HP, creating a lasting effect or delayed effect, taking the initiative, and triggering an Epic Action.\
A change in the game state must be caused by a rule or ability of the game; a player cannot make a change in the game state with no\
identifiable cause, such as exhausting a resource when they aren\'92t paying a cost.\
\cf4 In order to maintain the game state, certain situations require immediate resolution and take priority over other waiting triggered\
abilities or action steps. If any of these situations arise, resolve them immediately as specified below before continuing with the\
game. If multiple situations are present at the same time, resolve them in the order of priority below until no such situations remain.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a player\'92s base has 0 remaining HP, they lose the game.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf4 If multiple copies of a unique unit are controlled by the same player, that player chooses and defeats copies of that unit until only\
one remains under their control.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf4 If an upgrade is no longer attached to a unit, that upgrade is defeated.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a unit that was guarding a captured unit is no longer in play, the captured unit enters play under its owner\'92s control, exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a unit has 0 remaining HP, it is defeated.\

\fs22 \cf2 17.\

\fs20 OPEN AND HIDDEN INFORMATION\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 \'93Open information\'94 refers to information that any player is entitled to know. Open information includes the attributes of faceup cards\
in play (units, upgrades, bases, and leaders), \cf4 including any modifiers\cf7 ; the number of counters on cards; the number of cards in each\
player\'92s hand, deck\cf4 , and discard pile\cf7 ; the \cf4 attributes of\cf7  cards in each player\'92s discard pile; and the \cf4 attributes of\cf7  the reverse side of\
each player\'92s leader \cf4 and any captured cards\cf7 . A player cannot refuse to disclose or attempt to prevent the access of open information\
by their opponent.\
\'93Hidden information\'94 refers to information that has restrictions on when it can be known, and by whom. All information that is\
not open is considered hidden, such as the order of cards in each player\'92s deck. Certain information may be considered hidden\
information for only one player and not both players, such as cards in a player\'92s hand or a player\'92s resources.\
Players may only view cards considered hidden information to them when a card ability or effect specifically allows it.\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 10
\fs20 \cf7 4. 
\fs16 A player may choose to resolve an action or ability that involves information hidden to an opponent as though they have fewer\
options than they really do. That player still must do as much as they can when resolving such an ability, up to the point of hidden\
information being revealed. The player must still change the game state in some way for this to be considered an action.\
For example, Mon Mothma (SOR #096) has an ability that searches the top 5 cards of the player\'92s deck for a 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 REBEL
\fs16  card, reveals\
it and draws it. A player must make the search upon playing Mon Mothma. However, regardless of if they find a 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 REBEL
\fs16  card in the\
search or not, the player may choose to resolve the ability as though they did not find a 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 REBEL
\fs16  card, reveal no card, and place all\
searched cards on the bottom of their deck.\
For another example, Chewbacca: Walking Carpet (SOR #003) has an action ability on his Leader side allowing the player to\
exhaust Chewbacca and play a unit that costs 3 or less from their hand. A player may pay the cost of the ability by exhausting\
Chewbacca, but may choose to resolve the ability as though they do not have a unit that costs 3 or less in hand, regardless of if\
they have one in their hand or not. They have still successfully changed the game state, as Chewbacca\'92s status has changed from\
ready to exhausted as part of the cost of his ability.\

\fs22 \cf2 18.\

\fs20 DETERMINING RESPONSIBILITY\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 \cf4 Some card abilities care about whether a player was responsible for defeating a unit (e.g. \'93If you defeated a unit this phase\'94). To\
determine player responsibility for defeat, follow the below steps in order until responsibility is determined.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a unit is defeated because of damage dealt by a unit a player controls, that player is considered to have defeated that unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf4 If the above does not apply, and a unit is defeated by an ability controlled by a player, that player is considered to have defeated that\
unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf4 If the above does not apply, and a unit is defeated during the regroup phase or when a lasting effect expires, no player is considered\
to have defeated that unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf4 If the above does not apply, and a unit is defeated by having 0 remaining HP, the most recent player whose ability or effect changed\
the remaining HP of that unit is considered to have defeated that unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf4 If the above does not apply, the active player is considered to have defeated that unit.\
\cf6 1. GAME CONCEPTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 11
\fs26 \cf2 2. CARD ANATOMY\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\

\fs22 2.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 NAME\

\fs16 \cf7 The parts of a card include a card\'92s name, subtitle, card type, arena type, cost, aspect(s), power, power modifier, HP, HP modifier,\
trait(s), text box, and credit line. These parts, with the exception of the credit line, are also known as a card\'92s \'93attributes.\'94 Each Star\
Wars: Unlimited card has at least a name, card type, trait(s), and credit line.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. \cf2 SUBTITLE\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s name is located at the top of the card (an upgrade\'92s name is also reprinted on the bottom of the card). Each card has a name.\
Regardless of its printed language, a card\'92s name is considered to be the English version of its name.\
Some cards have a unique icon (\uc0\u63194 ) before their names, indicating the card is unique. A unique card depicts an iconic Star Wars\
character, vehicle, or object. \cf4 The unique icon is considered to be an attribute of the card.\cf7  \cf8 See 8.30. Unique, Unique Icon\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 CARD TYPE\

\fs16 \cf7 If a card has a subtitle, it will be located directly under its name. Subtitles have no mechanical function, but serve as a reminder to\
distinguish mechanically-distinct unique cards that share the same name.\

\fs20 1. \cf2 ARENA TYPE\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s type is located in the top left of the card. A card can be one or more of these types: base, event, leader, unit, upgrade, or\
token. Each type of card has its own associated rules. \cf8 See 3. Card Types\

\fs22 \cf2 5.\
6.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 COST\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s arena type is located in the top right of the card, which indicates which arena the card is played into (ground or space). Only\
units have an arena type. \cf8 See 4. Zones\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 ASPECTS\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s cost is located in the top left corner of the card and indicates how many resources must be spent to play the card. If it is\
a leader card, this number instead indicates how many resources a player must control to deploy it. Units, events, upgrades, and\
tokens have a cost. \cf8 See 1.8. Cost\

\fs22 \cf2 8.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. \cf2 POWER\

\fs16 \cf7 If a card belongs to one or more aspects, those aspects are indicated by aspect icons located on one side of the card. Bases and\
both sides of leaders have aspect icons on the right, while units, events, and upgrades have aspect icons on the left. Each card has\
between 0 and 2 aspect icons. \cf8 See 1.5.6. Aspects\
\cf7 Aspects categorize cards into different themes and play styles. There are six aspects: Vigilance\
Cunning\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf13 \uc0\u63197 \u63189 \cf2 \uc0\u63189 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Villainy\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs16 \cf7 , and Heroism\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 .\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Command\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf12 \uc0\u63198 \u63190 \cf2 \uc0\u63190 \

\fs16 \cf7 , Aggression\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf4 \uc0\u63195 \u63187 \cf2 \uc0\u63187 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 ,\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 A card without any aspect icons does not belong to any aspect, and is considered a \'93neutral\'94 card.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs20 \cf7 1. 
\fs22 \cf2 9.\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s power is located on the left side of the card and indicates how much damage the card deals in combat. Only units have\
power. \cf8 See 1.10. Power\

\fs20 \cf2 POWER MODIFIER\

\fs22 10.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 HP\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s power modifier is located on the left side of the card, and modifies the power of the unit it is attached to by the specified\
number. Only upgrades have a power modifier.\

\fs20 1. 
\fs16 A card\'92s HP indicates how much damage the card can be dealt before it is defeated. Units and bases have HP; a unit\'92s HP is located on\
the right side of the card, and a base\'92s HP is located in the top left corner of the card. \cf8 See 1.11. HP\
\cf6 2. CARD ANATOMY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 12
\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 A card\'92s \'93remaining HP\'94 is determined by subtracting the number of damage counters on it from its HP value, including modifiers.\
When a card\'92s remaining HP reaches 0 or less, that card is defeated.\

\fs22 \cf2 11.\

\fs20 HP MODIFIER\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A card\'92s HP modifier is located on the right side of the card, and modifies the HP of the unit it is attached to by the printed number.\
Only upgrades have an HP modifier.\

\fs22 \cf2 12.\

\fs20 TRAITS\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A card\'92s traits are located directly underneath the card\'92s name (for events), underneath the card\'92s art (for units), or on the bottom of\
the card (for upgrades). Traits are flavorful attributes that categorize the card and have no inherent rules, but may be referenced by\
card abilities. Each card has at least one trait.\
Unit traits can represent a number of thematic elements, from factions to species to professions. Faction traits represent\
organizations that a unit belongs to, such as (but not limited to) 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 REBEL
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 IMPERIAL
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 JEDI
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 SITH
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 NEW REPUBLIC
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 UNDERWORLD
\fs16 , or 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 NABOO
\fs16 .\
Species traits represent certain prominent species found in the Star Wars universe, such as 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 TWI\'92LEK
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 DROID
\fs16 , or 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 HUTT
\fs16 . Profession traits\
represent famous professions in Star Wars, such as 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 BOUNTY HUNTER
\fs16  or 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 INQUISITOR
\fs16 .\

\fs22 \cf2 13.\

\fs20 TEXT BOX\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A card\'92s text box contains any abilities that the card has. An ability is a unique way that a card interacts with the game. \cf8 See 1.6.\
Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 A card\'92s ability may be followed by italicized text in parentheses. Such text is called \'93reminder text,\'94 and offers a simplified\
clarification of how that ability affects the game. Reminder text serves as a guide for ease of play, but does not override any rules in\
this Comprehensive Rules document. The presence or absence of reminder text does not mechanically affect the abilities on a card.\

\fs22 \cf2 14.\

\fs20 CREDIT LINE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 A card\'92s credit line is located on the bottom of the card and contains credit and set information for that card. These items do not\
have any effect on gameplay.\
On the left side of the credit line is the name of the artist that created the card\'92s art.\
In the center of the credit line is licensing information.\
Toward the right side of the credit line is the card\'92s set abbreviation, language, rarity, and set number. A card can be one of five\
rarities: Special, Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Legendary.\
\cf6 2. CARD ANATOMY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 13
\fs26 \cf2 3. CARD TYPES\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\

\fs22 2.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. \cf2 BASE\

\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s type is located in the top left corner of the card. There are 6 different types of cards: bases, events, leaders, units, upgrades,\
and tokens. Each card can be one or more of these types.\
A \'93resource\'94 is not a type of card, but a game object that a card becomes when placed in the resource zone. \cf8 See 1.7. Resources\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 A base is a type of card that represents a location in Star Wars. Each base has a name, trait(s), HP value, and aspect icon. Some\
bases also have an ability.\
Each player\'92s deck must have exactly 1 base. Each base begins the game in its owner\'92s base zone.\
Bases can be dealt damage through abilities and enemy attacks. Unless prevented by an ability, any unit can attack an enemy base\
directly. When a unit attacks a base, the unit remains in the arena it attacked from.\
Some abilities heal damage from a base, such as the \cf15 Restore\cf7  keyword. A base cannot be healed beyond its HP value.\
When a base has no remaining HP, its owner immediately loses the game, and its opponent immediately wins the game. A player\
cannot resolve actions, abilities, or effects once their base\'92s remaining HP reaches 0.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 EVENT\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 
\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs16 \cf7 An event is a type of card. Each event has a name, cost, trait(s), and ability. An event may also have aspect icons.\
To play an event, pay its cost\'97following any additional costs or play restrictions in effect for that event\'97and place it in its owner\'92s\
discard pile. Then, resolve the event\'92s ability. \cf8 See 6.2. Play a Card\
\cf7 When played, an event moves directly from the player\'92s hand to their discard pile, never entering play. (A player may place the event\
in front of them while resolving its ability, but the event is considered to be in their discard pile for the purposes of abilities and\
effects.)\
An event that affects cards in a player\'92s discard pile can affect itself.\
An event ability must be resolved as completely as possible. Any part of the event ability that cannot be resolved is ignored. A player\
may play an event even if none of that event\'92s ability can be resolved. \cf8 See 7.4. Event Abilities\
\cf7 If a triggered ability has the triggering condition \'93When you play an event,\'94 the event ability must be resolved as completely as\
possible before resolving the triggered ability.\
\cf4 If an event is played from a discard pile, it is considered to re-enter that discard pile for the purpose of being \'93played.\'94 Once played,\
the card is considered a new copy of that event.\

\fs20 \cf2 LEADER\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 A leader is a double-sided card with \cf4 one or more horizontal \'93Leader\'94 sides and, in most cases, a vertical \'93Leader Unit\'94 side\cf7 . Each side\
of a leader has two aspect icons, a name, subtitle, trait(s), and abilities.\
Each player\'92s deck must have exactly 1 leader. \cf4 Each leader begins the game in the base zone with its Leader side faceup and may flip\
to its other side during the game, typically when it is deployed\cf7 .\
A leader may have different abilities on its Leader side and Leader Unit side. Only the faceup side of a leader card is considered to be\
\'93in play,\'94 so only abilities on the faceup side of a leader can be used at a given time.\
A leader is deployed using the Epic Action ability on its Leader side. A leader may be deployed regardless of whether it is ready or\
exhausted. When a leader is deployed, flip it to its Leader Unit side and move it to the ground arena, ready. It is considered deployed,\
not played. The Leader side leaves play, and the Leader Unit side enters play simultaneously. That leader is now a unit in play: it can\
attack, be attacked, and use the abilities on its Leader Unit side.\
When a Leader Unit has no remaining HP, it is defeated: flip it to its Leader side and move it to its owner\'92s base zone, exhausted. The\
Leader Unit side leaves play, and the Leader side enters play simultaneously. Place an epic action counter on its Epic Action ability\
to show that it cannot be used again for the rest of the game. Any other abilities on its Leader side can still be used.\
If an ability would cause a Leader Unit to move to an out-of-play zone or change control for any reason, it is defeated instead.\
\cf6 3. CARD TYPES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 14
\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs20 UNIT\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs16 \cf7 A unit is a type of card depicting a Star Wars character or vehicle. Each unit has a name, cost, power, HP, trait(s), and arena type. A\
unit may also have a subtitle, aspect icons, abilities, and a unique icon (\uc0\u63194 ) before its name.\
To play a unit, pay its cost\'97following any additional costs or play restrictions in effect for that unit\'97and place the unit in its\
designated arena (ground or space). \cf8 See 6.2. Play a Card\
\cf7 A unit enters play exhausted and remains in play until it is defeated.\
A unit is defeated when it has no remaining HP or when an ability defeats it directly. When a unit is defeated, place it in its owner\'92s\
discard pile.\
Leader Units are a type of unit. Leader Units have the same rules as non-leader units, except that they are deployed instead of being\
played, and they are returned to the base zone instead of being discarded.\

\fs20 \cf2 UPGRADE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 An upgrade is a type of card that attaches to a unit. Each upgrade has a name, cost, trait(s), power modifier, and HP modifier. An\
upgrade may also have aspect icons, abilities, and a unique icon (\uc0\u63194 ) before its name.\
To play an upgrade, pay the upgrade\'92s cost\'97following any additional costs or play restrictions in effect for that upgrade\'97and attach it\
to a unit in play. When attaching an upgrade, tuck the upgrade halfway under the unit so that the upgrade\'92s ability and modifiers can\
be seen clearly. \cf8 See 6.2. Play a Card\
\cf7 An upgrade may specify that it must \'93attach to\'94 a specific type of unit. This is considered a play restriction for that upgrade. If there\
is no unit of the specific type in play for the upgrade to attach to, the upgrade cannot be played. If there are no units in play, no\
upgrades can be played.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit is considered \'93eligible\'94 for an upgrade if that upgrade can attach to it. A unit\'92s eligibility is only checked as the upgrade is\
being played. If an upgrade attaches to a unit that later becomes ineligible for that upgrade, the upgrade remains attached to that\
unit.\

\fs20 4. 5. 6. 7. 
\fs16 There is no limit to the number of upgrades that can be attached to a unit. \cf4 An upgrade can only attach to one unit at a time.\
\cf7 Upgrades may be played on friendly units or enemy units. If a player plays an upgrade onto an enemy unit, that player still controls the\
upgrade. If that upgrade gives abilities to the attached unit, the unit\'92s controller resolves those abilities.\
When an upgrade is attached to a unit, the unit also is attached to that upgrade. If an upgrade becomes unattached from a unit, the\
unit also becomes unattached from that upgrade.\
Each upgrade has a power modifier and HP modifier. A unit\'92s power and HP are cumulatively modified by each upgrade attached to it.\

\fs20 8. 
\fs16 For example, if a unit originally has 1 power and 3 HP, then receives two Experience token upgrades, those upgrades will modify\
that unit\'92s power and HP positively, resulting in the unit having 3 power and 5 HP.\
Some upgrades give abilities to the unit they\'92re attached to. If an upgrade\'92s text box uses the phrase \'93attached unit gains _,\'94 the text\
following \'93gains\'94 is considered an ability that the attached unit has while the upgrade is attached to it, and such an ability can be lost,\
ignored, or affected by other abilities.\

\fs20 9. 10. 
\fs16 For example, Protector (SOR #057) has the text \'93Attached unit gains \cf15 Sentinel\cf7 \'94 in its text box. The unit Protector is attached to is\
considered to have the \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  keyword while Protector is attached to it. If Protector is defeated, the attached unit immediately\
loses \cf15 Sentinel\cf7 . Additionally, the attached unit\'92s opponent could play SpecForce Soldier (SOR #140) and cause the attached unit to\
lose \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  for the phase.\
If a unit has multiple attached upgrades that give the same ability, it gains that ability multiple times. Keyword abilities do not \'93stack\'94\
(meaning, the card does not gain any additional effects) unless those keywords are followed by a numeral.\
Some upgrades have abilities that affect the unit they\'92re attached to, but do not give the attached unit an ability. Such abilities refer\
to the attached unit but do not use the phrase \'93attached unit gains.\'94\

\fs20 11. 
\fs16 For example, Entrenched (SOR #072) has the ability: \'93Attached unit can\'92t attack bases.\'94 This ability affects the attached unit,\
but it is not an ability given to the unit. If the attached unit loses all abilities (such as by Force Lightning, SOR #138), the ability on\
Entrenched would still be in effect.\
An upgrade is defeated when either the unit it is attached to leaves play, or when an ability defeats it directly. When an upgrade\
is defeated, the attached unit loses all power, HP, and abilities given to it by the upgrade, and the upgrade is placed in its owner\'92s\
discard pile.\
\cf6 3. CARD TYPES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 15
\fs20 \cf7 12. 13. 14. 
\fs16 Some upgrades are also tokens and have the \'93token upgrade\'94 card type. Token upgrades follow the same rules for upgrades outlined\
above, except that they are put into play differently and are set aside when defeated.\
A unit is considered \'93upgraded\'94 while it has at least one upgrade attached to it.\
An upgrade is always considered attached to a unit while in-play. If an ability attaches an upgrade that is already in-play to a new unit,\
it is considered to become unattached from the first unit and attached to the new unit simultaneously.\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 TOKEN\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 A token is a type of card that also has a second type, such as a \'93token upgrade\'94 \cf4 or \'93token unit.\'94\cf7  Each token has the same formatting\
as its non-token card type.\
Tokens are set aside at the start of the game. \cf4 They cannot be shuffled into decks, discarded, or enter out-of-play zones. Tokens are\
\'93created\'94 rather than \'93played\'94 (meaning they don\'92t trigger abilities that depend on a card being played), but are still considered to\
enter play when created and leave play when defeated. Tokens are considered to have a cost of 0.\
\cf7 If a token would \cf4 leave play\cf7  for any reason, set it aside instead. It is still considered to have left play.\
There is no limit on tokens available to a player. A player may substitute any available object (such as dice) for a token.\
An Experience token is a type of token upgrade. An Experience token is an upgrade \cf4 with the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 LEARNED
\fs16  trait \cf7 that gives the unit it is\
attached to +1 power and +1 HP. If a unit has multiple Experience tokens attached, it will receive bonus power and bonus HP from\
each Experience token. When an ability instructs a player to give an Experience token to a unit, they take an Experience token that\
has been set aside and attach it to that unit.\
A Shield token is a type of token upgrade. A Shield token is an upgrade \cf4 with the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 ARMOR
\fs16  trait\cf7  that gives the unit it is attached to +0\
power and +0 HP and has the text: \'93If damage would be dealt to attached unit, prevent that damage. If you do, defeat a Shield token\
on it.\'94 When an ability instructs a player to give a Shield token to a unit, they take a Shield token that has been set aside and attach it\
to that unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a unit has multiple Shield tokens attached to it, only one Shield token is defeated per instance of damage.\

\fs20 7. 8. 
\fs16 \cf4 A Battle Droid token is a type of token unit. A Battle Droid token is a ground unit with the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 SEPARATIST
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 DROID
\fs16 , and 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 TROOPER
\fs16  traits that\
has a Villainy aspect symbol (\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs16 \cf4 ), 1 power, and 1 HP.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf4 A Clone Trooper token is a type of token unit. A Clone Trooper token is a ground unit with the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 REPUBLIC
\fs16 , 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 CLONE
\fs16 , and 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 TROOPER
\fs16  traits that\
has a Heroism aspect symbol (\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf4 ), 2 power, and 2 HP.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf6 3. CARD TYPES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 16
\fs26 \cf2 4. ZONES\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Zones are defined areas of the game with specific rules. There are seven different types of zones in the game: each player\'92s base\
zone, the ground arena, the space arena, each player\'92s resource zone, each player\'92s deck, each player\'92s hand, and each player\'92s\
discard pile. The ground arena and space arena are shared between players, while the other zones are separate for each player.\
Cards that are set aside are not considered to be in any zone.\
The \'93game area\'94 refers to all zones in the game collectively.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 BASE ZONE\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Each player has their own base zone, which is located in the center of their play area. Each player\'92s base and leader start the game in\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 this zone.\
Bases always remain in their owner\'92s base zone. Leaders move from their owner\'92s base zone to the ground arena when deployed, and\
from the ground arena to their owner\'92s base zone when defeated.\
Units in either arena may attack enemy bases directly, and do not leave their arena when doing so.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 GROUND ARENA\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 The ground arena is a zone shared by players, located next to each player\'92s base zone. Each player\'92s ground units are played into this\
zone, and face their controller when they\'92re ready.\
The ground arena can be on either the left or right side of the base zone. The side is determined when a player plays the first unit of\
the game\'97that unit\'92s arena type (ground or space) establishes the matching arena on whichever side of the base zone that the unit\
was played in, and automatically establishes the opposite arena on the other side. These sides will remain the same for the rest of\
the game, even if there are no units in either arena later on.\

\fs20 3. 4. 
\fs16 For example, if the first player plays Death Star Stormtrooper (SOR #128) on the left side of their base zone, they have established\
the shared ground arena on their left side and have established the shared space arena on their right side. (Note that their\
opponent\'92s perspective of the arenas will be mirrored, with the ground arena on their opponent\'92s right side.)\
Friendly ground units can attack enemy ground units in the ground arena, as well as the enemy base. They do not leave the ground\
arena when attacking the enemy base.\
Ground units cannot attack enemy units in the space arena unless an ability specifically allows it. However, ground units may be able\
to deal damage to units in the space arena through abilities.\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 SPACE ARENA\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 The space arena is a zone shared by players, located next to each player\'92s base zone. Each player\'92s space units are played into this\
zone, and face their controller when they\'92re ready.\
The space arena can be on either the left or right side of the base zone. The side is determined when a player plays the first unit of\
the game\'97that unit\'92s arena type (ground or space) establishes the matching arena on whichever side of the base zone that the unit\
was played in, and automatically establishes the opposite arena on the other side. These sides will remain the same for the rest of\
the game, even if there are no units in either arena later on.\

\fs20 3. 4. 
\fs16 For example, if the first player plays Green Squadron A-Wing (SOR #141) on the left side of their base zone, they have established\
the shared space arena on their left side and have established the shared ground arena on their right side. (Note that their\
opponent\'92s perspective of the arenas will be mirrored, with the space arena on their opponent\'92s right side.)\
Friendly space units can attack enemy space units in the space arena, as well as the enemy base. They do not leave the space arena\
when attacking the enemy base.\
Space units cannot attack enemy units in the ground arena unless an ability specifically allows it. However, space units may be able\
to deal damage to units in the ground arena through abilities.\
\cf6 4. ZONES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 17
\fs22 \cf2 5.\
6.\
7.\
8.\
9.\
10.\

\fs16 \cf6 4. ZONES\

\fs20 \cf2 RESOURCE ZONE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. \cf2 DECK\

\fs16 \cf7 Each player has their own resource zone. Cards in a resource zone are called \'93resources,\'94 which can be exhausted to pay the costs of\
other cards. \cf8 See 1.7., Resources\
\cf7 Resources are placed facedown and remain facedown while in a resource zone. A player may view facedown resources they control\
at any time, returning them facedown when finished. Those cards are considered hidden information for that player\'92s opponent.\
Players can choose to add a card from their hand to their resource zone during each regroup phase.\

\fs20 1. 2. \cf2 HAND\

\fs16 \cf7 Each player\'92s deck is its own zone. By default, cards in a player\'92s deck are facedown, out of play, and cannot be viewed except\
through abilities. The cards in a player\'92s deck are considered hidden information for both players.\
Cards in a deck leave the deck when they are drawn, discarded, or played directly from the deck. A card is not considered to leave a\
deck when searched, looked at, or revealed from the deck (unless it is immediately drawn, discarded, or played).\

\fs20 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 Each player\'92s hand is its own zone. A player can have any number of cards in their hand.\
Cards enter a player\'92s hand when a player draws from their deck, or when an ability returns a card from another zone to their hand.\
Cards leave a player\'92s hand when played or discarded. A card is not considered to leave a player\'92s hand when looked at or revealed\
(unless it is immediately played or discarded).\
The cards in a player\'92s hand may be looked at only by that player, and the faceup sides of those cards are considered hidden\
information for that player\'92s opponent. The number of cards in a player\'92s hand is considered open information.\

\fs20 \cf2 DISCARD PILE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 Each player\'92s discard pile is its own zone. Played events, defeated (non-leader) units, defeated upgrades, and discarded cards are\
placed in a player\'92s discard pile, faceup.\
Cards in a player\'92s discard pile are considered open information and can be viewed by any player at any time.\
The order of cards in a discard pile does not need to be maintained; a player may rearrange the cards in their discard pile at any time.\
If an ability allows a player to play a card from their discard pile, they must still pay all costs for the card, accounting for any modifiers\
and additional costs applied to the card. \cf4 After an event is played from a discard pile, it is considered to enter that discard pile for the\
purpose of being \'93played.\'94\

\fs20 \cf2 IN-PLAY AND OUT-OF-PLAY\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 There are four types of \'93in-play\'94 zones: each player\'92s base zone, the ground arena, the space arena, and each player\'92s resource zone.\
The faceup sides of cards in these zones are considered \'93in play,\'94 which means that by default they have the potential to affect the\
game through use of their abilities, power, and HP. \cf4 The facedown sides of cards are considered out-of-play.\cf7  A player controls the\
cards they play in these zones, or put into play in these zones.\
There are three types of \'93out-of-play\'94 zones: each player\'92s deck, each player\'92s hand, and each player\'92s discard pile. Cards in these\
zones are considered \'93out of play,\'94 which means that by default they cannot affect the game through use of their abilities, power, or\
HP. For an ability to resolve from an out-of-play zone or to affect a card in an out-of-play zone, the ability must either explicitly state\
the out-of-play zone it resolves from or affects, or it must be a type of ability that by default resolves from an out-of-play zone.\
For example, if a player played Waylay (SOR #222), they could only return a non-leader unit from play to its owner\'92s hand, as the\
ability does not specify it affects the discard pile. However, The Emperor\'92s Legion (SOR #091) does specifically return units from\
the discard pile.\

\fs20 \cf2 PLAY AREA\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A player\'92s \'93play area\'94 consists of cards that player controls in in-play zones, with the exception of any upgrades that player controls\
attached to enemy units (which are in the unit\'92s controller\'92s play area). A player\'92s play area includes cards in that player\'92s base zone,\
cards in that player\'92s resource zone, units that player controls in the ground arena and space arena, and any upgrades attached to\
units that player controls.\
If a player plays an upgrade onto an enemy unit, that player still controls that upgrade, but that upgrade is not in their play area.\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 18
\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 There is no limit on the number of cards a player can control in their play area.\

\fs22 \cf2 11.\

\fs20 SET ASIDE/BEING IN NO ZONE\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 When a card is set aside, it is considered to be out-of-play and not located in any zone.\
Token cards begin the game set aside, and are put into play by certain abilities. When a token leaves play, it is set aside again.\
\cf6 4. ZONES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 19
\fs26 \cf2 5. GAME STRUCTURE\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 A game consists of multiple rounds, and each round consists of an action phase and regroup phase. During the action phase, players\
take turns taking an action. During the regroup phase, players can put a resource into play and ready exhausted cards.\
Each step of setup and each step of both phases must be completed in full unless otherwise specified.\
Before starting the game, each player needs a deck, including a leader and base, and token cards matching any types that their\
decks create. Players also need damage counters and one initiative counter. (Counters and tokens may be represented by other\
objects, such as dice.)\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 STARTING THE GAME AND SETUP\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 Players set up the game following these steps in order: Put bases into play, Put leaders into play, Determine the first player, Shuffle\
decks and draw opening hands, Choose whether to mulligan, and Resource two cards.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Put bases into play. Each player places their base at the top and center of their own play area.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Put leaders into play. Each player places their leader into play below their base, Leader side faceup (Leader Unit side facedown).\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Determine the first player. Randomly choose a player. That player then decides which player begins the game with the initiative\
counter (they may choose to start with the counter or give it to an opponent). Set all other counters and tokens aside, out-of-play.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Shuffle decks and draw opening hands. Each player shuffles their deck, then draws 6 cards.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Choose whether to take a mulligan. Each player may take a mulligan by shuffling their entire hand into their deck and drawing a\
new hand of 6 cards. Each player may only take one mulligan, and if they take a mulligan, they must keep their new hand. The player\
with the initiative must be the first to decide whether to take a mulligan, then their opponent decides.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 Resource two cards. Each player chooses two cards from their hand and puts them into play as resources, facedown and ready.\
Each player must place exactly two cards as resources.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 Then, the players start the first round with the first action phase.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 ROUND\

\fs22 4.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A round of the game consists of two phases in order: an action phase and a regroup phase. The start of each action phase is also the\
start of a new game round.\
An ability that refers to \'93this round\'94 encompasses both the action phase and regroup phase of that round.\

\fs20 \cf2 ACTION PHASE\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 The action phase consists of the start of phase step, any number of player turns, and the end of phase step.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Start of the action phase. Any lasting effects that expire when the action phase or round starts expire now. Any abilities or effects\
that trigger at the start of the action phase or round trigger now.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Player turns. During the action phase, players alternate taking one action at a time. The player that starts the round with the\
initiative counter is the first active player and takes the first action. After their action and any triggered abilities finish resolving,\
their opponent becomes the active player and takes an action. Then the first player becomes the active player again and takes an\
action, and so on until both players pass consecutively. A player may take one of five actions during their turn: Play a Card, Attack\
With a Unit, Use an Action Ability, Take the Initiative, or Pass. \cf8 See 1.15. Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 End of the action phase. Any lasting effects that expire when the action phase ends expire now (e.g. \'93for this phase\'94). Any abilities\
or effects that trigger at the end of the action phase trigger now.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 After the action phase ends, players proceed to the regroup phase.\
\cf6 5. GAME STRUCTURE\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 20
\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs20 REGROUP PHASE\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 The regroup phase consists of the following 5 steps, in order: Start of the regroup phase, Draw cards, Resource cards, Ready cards,\
End of the regroup phase.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Start of the regroup phase. Any lasting effects that expire when the regroup phase starts expire now. Any abilities or effects that\
trigger at the start of the regroup phase trigger now.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Draw cards. Each player draws 2 cards.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Resource cards. Starting with the active player, each player may choose 1 card from their hand to put into play as a resource,\
facedown and exhausted. Players may choose not to resource a card.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Ready cards. Each player readies all exhausted cards they control, including units, resources, and their leader.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 End of the regroup phase. Any lasting effects that expire when the regroup phase ends or when the round ends expire now (e.g.\
\'93for this phase\'94 and \'93for this round\'94). Any abilities or effects that trigger at the end of the regroup phase or at the end of a round\
trigger now.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 After the regroup phase ends, a new round begins with the start of a new action phase.\

\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs20 ENDING THE GAME\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 A game ends immediately once a player\'92s base reaches 0 remaining HP and is defeated. A player whose base is defeated loses the\
game, and their opponent wins the game.\
Once a player\'92s base has 0 remaining HP, they cannot take any actions, and cannot resolve any abilities or effects.\
In a case where both players\'92 bases reach 0 remaining HP at the same time, the game ends in a draw.\
A player can concede the game at any time (such as by saying \'93I concede\'94 or making a clear gesture). If they do, they lose the game\
immediately.\
\cf6 5. GAME STRUCTURE\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 21
\fs26 \cf2 6. ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\

\fs22 2.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. \cf2 PLAY A CARD\

\fs16 \cf7 This section provides clarifications and timing charts for the following actions: Play a Card, Attack With a Unit, and Use an Action\
Ability. For each type of action, perform each step in order and as completely as possible. Note that subheadings begin with 0 in this\
section for clarity when referring to the steps of an action.\

\fs20 0. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player follows the steps below when they choose to take the Play a Card action on their turn, or when they resolve any ability that\
lets them play a card. \cf8 See 1.15. Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 In order to play a card, a player must have a card in their hand or must be resolving an ability that allows them to play a card from\
another zone. The player must be able to pay resources equal to the card\'92s cost, unless otherwise specified.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may play a card whose ability has no effect, so long as the act of paying the costs for and playing the card changes the\
game state (e.g. the card is moved to a different zone).\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Each time a player plays a card, that card enters play as a new copy of that card. \cf8 See 8.6. Copy\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some action, event, and triggered abilities allow a player to play a card. Unless otherwise specified by the ability, the card must be\
played from the player\'92s hand, and the player must pay all costs of the card when playing it this way. Any abilities that trigger while\
playing and/or resolving the card resolve only after the current ability finishes resolving. The player is not considered to have taken\
an additional action if they played a card due to an ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 Playing a Card consists of the following 5 steps in order, explained in detail below: Declare intent, Check restrictions, Determine\
cost(s), Pay cost(s), and Put card into play/discard. After playing the card, resolve any \'93When Played\'94 abilities on the card and any\
other abilities that triggered while playing and/or resolving the card, including \cf15 Ambush\cf7  and \cf15 Shielded\cf7 . \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Declare intent. The player reveals the card they intend to play from their hand, so that all other players can view it. Any abilities that\
are active \'93while playing\'94 a card become active.\
Check restrictions. Determine if there are any active abilities, effects, or other play restrictions that would prevent the card from\
being played at this time. If there are any, the card cannot be played.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some abilities prevent the playing of a card or type of card. For example, Regional Governor (SOR #062) has an ability stating\
opponents \'93can\'92t play\'94 a named card; this is considered a \'93play restriction\'94 for the named card.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an upgrade uses the phrase \'93attach to,\'94 the text following \'93attach to\'94 indicates a type of unit that\'92s eligible for that upgrade; this is\
a \'93play restriction\'94 for that upgrade. If there are no units in play, no upgrades can be played. If there is no eligible unit in play for the\
upgrade to attach to, the upgrade cannot be played.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 An event can be played even if some or none of its abilities would change the game state.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card cannot be played and the game state has not changed this turn, the active player must choose a new action to take.\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 Determine cost(s). A card\'92s cost is in the upper left corner of the card and indicates how many resources must be exhausted in order\
to play it. Some abilities modify a card\'92s cost or apply additional costs to a card before it can be played.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 When calculating a card\'92s modified cost, start with the card\'92s printed cost, then apply any modifiers that increase the cost of the\
card (including the aspect penalty) before any modifiers that decrease the cost of the card\cf4 , including abilities like Exploit\cf7 . The\
result is the card\'92s modified cost. \cf8 See 8.16. Modifiers\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s cost cannot be modified below 0. If a card\'92s cost would be modified below 0, treat the cost as 0 instead.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If any abilities in effect apply an additional cost to play the card, also determine those costs at this time.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an ability causes a card to be played \'93for free,\'94 that ability overrides all resource costs to play that card, including the aspect\
penalty. However, any additional non-resource costs applied to that card must still be paid.\
\cf6 6. ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 22
\fs20 \cf7 4. 
\fs16 Pay cost(s). Exhaust resources equal to the card\'92s modified cost. If there are any additional costs required for the card, also pay\
those now.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If any costs (including resource costs and additional costs) cannot be paid, cease this process without paying any costs. Return the\
game state to the way it was before the first step.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player cannot pay resources in excess of a card\'92s modified cost.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a replacement effect replaces a cost with another effect, the cost is still considered paid as long as that other effect is resolved.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf4 A player may pay costs in any order, so long as all costs are paid.\

\fs20 \cf7 5. 
\fs16 Put card into play/discard.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is a unit, put it into play in its designated arena (ground or space), exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is an upgrade, put it into play attached to an eligible unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is an event, place the event in its owner\'92s discard pile, then resolve its ability. Resolve as much of its ability as possible\
and ignore any parts of the ability that cannot resolve.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 The card is considered \'93played\'94 as soon as it enters play or, in the case of events, the discard pile.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 ATTACK WITH A UNIT\
\cf7 0. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player follows the steps below when they choose to take the Attack With a Unit action on their turn, or when they resolve any\
ability that lets them attack with a unit. \cf8 See 1.15. Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Only one unit may attack at a time, and only ready units may perform an attack, unless otherwise specified. \cf4 A player may only\
attack with units they control and may only attack enemy units or enemy bases.\cf7  \cf4 If an attacking player loses control of the attacker\
or gains control of the defender during an attack, proceed directly to the completion of the attack (after resolving any abilities that\
have already triggered).\cf7  These restrictions apply even if the attack is prompted by another ability. If an ability triggers multiple\
attacks, resolve them sequentially.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 \'93Combat damage\'94 is damage dealt during the \'93Deal combat damage\'94 step of an attack. Damage dealt outside of this step during an\
attack is not considered to be combat damage. \cf4 Damage dealt by triggered abilities is not considered combat damage.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some action, event, and triggered abilities allow a player to attack with a unit. When resolving an ability that allows a player to\
attack with a unit, the player must make an attack if possible. The player is not considered to have taken an additional action if they\
attack due to an ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Attacking With a Unit consists of the following 3 steps in order, explained in detail below: Declare the attack, Deal combat damage,\
and Complete the attack. After each step, resolve any abilities triggered during that step before proceeding to the next step in the\
attack. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 
\fs16 Declare the attack. The active player chooses and exhausts a ready unit they control and then chooses what to attack: either an\
enemy unit in the same arena as it or the opponent\'92s base. Any abilities that are active \'93while attacking\'94 become active.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an ability prompts an attack, apply any \'93for this attack\'94 lasting effects of the ability. If the effect impacts what the attacker can\
attack, the player must choose a eligible unit or base to attack. If no such choice can be made, the attack immediately ends. If an\
effect is contingent on which defender is chosen, the effect applies as soon as the defender is declared.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Only exhaust the attacker if there is an enemy unit or base that it can attack. If there is nothing for the attacker to attack, cease the\
attack and return the game state to the way it was before this step.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 The active player becomes the \'93attacking player\'94 and the opponent that controls the enemy unit or base being attacked becomes\
the \'93defending player\'94 for this attack.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 The unit performing the attack becomes the \'93attacker\'94 for this attack. If the attacker is attacking an enemy unit, that unit becomes\
the \'93defender\'94 for this attack \cf4 and the attacker is considered to be \'93attacking a unit\'94 for the duration of this attack\cf7 . If the attacker\
is attacking a base, there is no \'93defender\'94 for this attack \cf4 and the attacker is considered to be \'93attacking a base\'94 for the duration of\
this attack\cf7 .\
\cf6 6. ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 23
\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the defending player has one or more units with \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  in the same arena as the attacker, one of those units must be chosen\
as the defender, unless the attacker has \cf15 Saboteur\cf7 , in which case it may ignore \cf15 Sentinel\cf7 .\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 Any abilities that activate while an attack is occurring become active for the duration of the attack. This includes \cf15 Raid\cf7 , \'93While this\
unit is attacking,\'94 and \'93While this unit is defending\'94 abilities. If the ability is subject to a further conditional (e.g. \'93While this unit is\
attacking a damaged unit\'94), it is only active while all of its conditions are true.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 After declaring the attack, resolve any \'93On Attack\'94 abilities on the attacker and any other abilities triggered during this step,\
including \cf15 Restore\cf7 , \cf15 Saboteur\cf7 , and \'93When this unit is attacked\'94 abilities on the defender. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 Deal combat damage. If attacking a base, the attacker deals damage equal to its power to that base. If attacking a unit, the attacker\
and defender simultaneously deal damage equal to their power to each other.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the attacker \cf4 is no longer in-play\cf7 , no combat damage is dealt. Proceed directly to the next step of this attack.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the defender \cf4 is no longer in-play\cf7 , no combat damage is dealt unless the attacker has \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7 .\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If either unit that would be dealt damage has one or more Shield tokens attached to it, remove a Shield token from that unit and\
don\'92t deal it any combat damage.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the attacker has \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7 , deal its excess damage to the opponent\'92s base, unless the defender had a Shield token that\
prevented the damage. This excess damage is dealt immediately and is considered combat damage. \cf8 See 1.9. Damage\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the attacker has an ability where it deals combat damage before the defender, the defender must survive the dealt damage\
before it can deal combat damage back to the attacker. In such a case, if the defender has \cf15 Grit\cf7 , it will receive bonus power from\
the damage just dealt to it.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 Once combat damage is dealt, if a unit has no remaining HP, it is defeated immediately.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 After dealing all combat damage, resolve any \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities on defeated units and any other abilities triggered during\
this step, including \'93When this unit deals combat damage\'94 and \'93When a unit leaves play\'94 abilities. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 Complete the attack. Any abilities or lasting effects that were active during the attack expire, including \cf15 Raid\cf7  and \'93While this unit is\
attacking\'94 abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 After completing the attack, resolve any \'93When this unit completes an attack\'94 abilities (if the attacker is still in play) and any other\
abilities triggered during this step. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 USE AN ACTION ABILITY\
\cf7 0. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player follows the steps below when they choose to take the Use an Action Ability action on their turn, or when they resolve any\
ability that lets them use an action ability. \cf8 See 1.15. Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Action abilities are abilities that begin with the bold word \'93Action\'94 or \'93Epic Action\'94 followed by a cost in brackets, a colon, and an\
ability following the colon.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 In order to use an action ability, a player must be able to pay the ability\'92s cost if it has one and change the game state through\
paying that ability\'92s cost and/or resolving that ability\'92s effect.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use an action ability whose effect does not change the game state, as long as paying the ability\'92s cost or resolving the\
ability changes the game state.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use an action ability that references a particular kind of unit even if no such unit is in play, as long as paying the\
ability\'92s cost or resolving the ability changes the game state.\
\cf6 6. ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 24
\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use a conditional action ability even if the condition is false, as long as paying the ability\'92s cost or resolving the ability\
changes the game state.\
\cf16 For example, Iden Versio: Inferno Squad Commander (SOR #002) has an action ability that says \'93If an enemy unit was defeated\
this phase, heal 1 damage from your base.\'94 Iden\'92s controller may use this ability even if an enemy unit was not defeated this phase,\
since the cost of the ability is exhausting Iden, which changes the game state. They would not heal any damage from their base.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 An Epic Action ability is a type of action ability that can only be used once per game. A player may use an Epic Action ability even if\
its effect does not change the game state, since changing the status of an Epic Action to \'93used\'94 changes the game state.\

\fs18 \cf3 h. 
\fs16 \cf7 Using an Action Ability consists of the following 5 steps in order, explained in detail below: Declare intent, Check restrictions,\
Determine cost(s), Pay cost(s), and Resolve the ability. After using the action ability, resolve any abilities that triggered while using\
the action ability. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Declare intent. The player indicates the ability they intend to resolve.\
Check restrictions. Determine if there are any active abilities or other restrictions that would prevent the action ability from\
resolving. If there are any, the action ability cannot be used.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 One such restriction is that paying the cost of an action ability and/or resolving the action ability must change the game state in\
some way. If neither would change the game state, the active player cannot attempt to use that ability and must take a different\
action. \cf8 See 1.16. Game State\

\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 Determine cost(s). If the ability has a cost, determine that cost at this step.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an action ability has a cost, it is found in brackets following the word \'93Action.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an action ability cost uses the 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63193 
\fs16 \cf7  icon, it means the card with the ability must exhaust in order to use the ability. If the cost does\
not use the 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63193 
\fs16 \cf7  icon, the card may use the ability whether it is ready or exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 An action ability cost may include multiple parts, which are separated by commas within the brackets.\
\cf16 For example, Luke Skywalker: Faithful Friend (SOR #005) has an Action ability that requires you to pay 1 resource and exhaust\
Luke. Paying 1 resource and exhausting Luke are both part of the ability\'92s cost, and both must be paid in order to use the ability.\

\fs20 \cf7 4. 
\fs16 Pay cost(s). Pay the ability\'92s determined cost, if it has one. If the action ability doesn\'92t have a cost, skip this step.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If any part of the cost cannot be paid, cease this process without paying any costs, and choose a different action to take.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player cannot pay resources in excess of an ability\'92s determined cost.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a replacement effect replaces a cost with another effect, the cost is still considered paid as long as that other effect is resolved.\

\fs20 5. 
\fs16 Resolve the action ability. If the cost was successfully paid, resolve as much of the ability as possible and ignore any part of the\
ability that cannot resolve.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If using the action ability results in an attack being made, resolve any abilities triggered during that attack at the appropriate\
timing point within that attack. \cf8 See 6.3 Attack With a Unit\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the effect of the ability does not change the game state, it still counts as the player\'92s action for their turn, so long as the cost of\
the action ability changed the game state in some way.\
\cf6 6. ACTION TIMING AND CLARIFICATIONS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 25
\fs26 \cf2 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 An ability is specialized game text that indicates how a card affects the game. If a card has any printed abilities, they are found in the\
text box of that card. An upgrade can give an ability to a unit if that upgrade indicates that the attached unit \'93gains\'94 the ability; treat\
the unit as having the ability in its text box for as long as the upgrade is attached to it. Unless otherwise specified, a player controls\
the abilities on cards they play and control.\
There are five types of abilities: action abilities, constant abilities, event abilities, keyword abilities, and triggered abilities. Each\
type of ability has its own associated rules.\
An effect is a non-cost part of a card ability that has the potential to change the game state. Some effects resolve separately from\
the ability that created them, or replace the standard resolution of the ability that created them.\
If an ability that affects both players can be resolved simultaneously, resolve the ability simultaneously. Otherwise, the player that\
controls the card with the ability can choose the order in which each player is affected by the ability.\

\fs20 5. 6. 
\fs16 For example, Grand Admiral Thrawn (SOR #016) has an ability where his controller looks at the top card of each player\'92s deck. This\
ability cannot be resolved simultaneously, so Thrawn\'92s controller chooses the order in which they look at the cards. They are not\
required to look at the cards in a specific order.\
When a player resolves an ability, they must resolve the effects of that ability in the order they are written. If an ability allows a player\
to choose some number of options, they may resolve those options in any order.\
Abilities that Modify Actions\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some abilities instruct the controlling player to take an action (\'93Play a card,\'94 \'93Attack with a unit,\'94 or \'93Use an Action Ability\'94), often\
with additional effects attached; such an ability is considered a \'93modified action.\'94 A modified action is resolved as though the\
player had taken the corresponding action, with any modifiers applied as appropriate. The player must perform the action if\
possible (unless it involves hidden information, as with \'93Play a card from your hand\'94) and complete each step of the action in order,\
applying any modifiers during the appropriate step.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A modified \'93Play a Card\'94 action might include: restrictions on the type of card that can be played, cost adjustments, playing cards\
from other zones, or other effects. Any abilities triggered during or as a result of a modified \'93Play a Card\'94 action are resolved after\
the current ability is finished resolving.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A modified \'93Attack With a Unit\'94 action might include: restrictions on what can be attacked, temporary modifiers or keywords to\
apply, or other effects. Any abilities triggered during the attack are resolved at the appropriate timing windows of that attack.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 A modified \'93Use an Action Ability\'94 action might include a restriction on how that action ability is used, or other effects. Any abilities\
triggered during or as a result of a modified \'93Use an Action Ability\'94 action are resolved after the current ability is finished resolving.\

\fs20 7. 
\fs16 If an ability instructs a player to take multiple actions (e.g. \'93Play three cards,\'94 \'93Attack with two units\'94), that player performs each\
action sequentially. Any abilities triggered during or as a result of each action are considered nested abilities, and must be resolved\
before proceeding to the next action.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 ACTION ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 An action ability is an ability indicated by the bolded word \'93Action.\'94 Most action abilities have a cost in brackets that must be paid in\
order to use the ability. Using an action ability is one type of action a player can take during their turn. \cf8 See 6.4. Using an Action Ability\
\cf7 A player must pay the full cost of an action ability in order to resolve that ability. After a player pays the cost to use an action ability,\
they resolve that ability\'92s effect, described by the non-bold text after the word \'93Action.\'94\
As long as an action ability has a cost that changes the game state, a player can pay that cost and resolve the ability even if the\
ability\'92s effect would not change the game state. Resolving an action ability this way still counts as the player\'92s action for their turn.\
An Epic Action ability is a type of action ability. An Epic Action ability operates like any other action ability, except that each Epic\
Action ability can only be used once per game. Once an Epic Action ability is used, place an epic action counter over the text of that\
ability to remind players that it was used.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 CONSTANT ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A constant ability is always in effect while the card it is on is in play. Constant abilities don\'92t have any special styling.\
A constant ability immediately comes into effect when the card it is on enters play and remains in effect while the card is in play.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 26
\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 Some constant abilities continuously check the game for a specific condition to be met for their effects to apply to the game. These\
abilities usually include the word \'93while.\'94\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 \cf7 4. 
\fs16 For example, Vigilant Honor Guards (SOR #48) has a constant ability: \'93While this unit is undamaged, it gains \cf15 Sentinel\cf7 .\'94 Although\
Vigilant Honor Guards always has this ability text, the ability\'92s effect\'97giving this unit the \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  keyword--only applies if it is\
undamaged.\
Constant abilities remain in effect even if the card they\'92re on is exhausted.\

\fs20 \cf2 EVENT ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs16 \cf7 An event ability is an ability found in the text box of an event and is resolved when the event is played.\
When an event is played, it is placed in its owner\'92s discard pile before its ability resolves. Events do not enter play; they move directly\
from the player\'92s hand to their discard pile. (A player resolving an event ability may place the event in front of them while doing so,\
but the event is considered to be in their discard pile while its ability resolves.)\
Events that affect cards in a player\'92s discard pile can affect themselves.\
When resolving an event ability, resolve as much of the ability as possible and ignore anything that cannot resolve. A player may pay\
the cost of an event and play it even if none of that event\'92s ability would change the game state.\
An event is both \'93played\'94 and \'93resolved\'94 during the action in which it is played, even if the event ability creates a lasting effect or\
delayed effect that must be resolved at a later point in the game.\

\fs20 \cf2 KEYWORD ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 A keyword or keyword ability is a card ability indicated with bold red text and that has specific associated rules.\
A keyword ability resolves automatically unless its definition includes the word \'93may.\'94\
Card abilities may give a keyword to a unit, either as a constant ability or a lasting effect. While the ability or effect persists, the unit\
is considered to have that keyword in its text box, and that keyword can be lost, ignored, or affected by other abilities.\
If a card is given a keyword it already has, those keywords do not \'93stack\'94 (meaning, the card does not gain any additional effects)\
unless those keywords are followed by a numeral, a cost, or an em dash and ability text. If they are followed by a numeral, the\
numbers following each keyword are added together. If they are followed by a cost or an em dash and ability text, each keyword is\
considered its own ability.\
For example: If a card with \cf15 Grit\cf7  later gains \cf15 Grit\cf7  from an ability, will not receive any bonus power from the second instance of \cf15 Grit\cf7 ,\
since that keyword does not stack. But if a card with \cf15 Raid 1\cf7  later gains \cf15 Raid 2\cf7  from an ability, these instances stack and the card\
will function as having \cf15 Raid 3\cf7 , getting +3 power when it attacks.\

\fs20 5. 
\fs16 \cf15 Ambush\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Ambush\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the triggered ability: \'93When Played: If there is an enemy unit that this unit can\
attack, you may ready this unit and attack that enemy unit.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple instances of \cf15 Ambush\cf7  do not stack. If a unit gains \cf15 Ambush\cf7  multiple times, it may only ready and attack a unit once.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit with \cf15 Ambush\cf7  still enters play exhausted like any other (non-leader) unit and cannot ready if there are no enemy units it can\
attack.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf15 Ambush\cf7  resolves during the same window as any \'93When Played\'94 abilities on the unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 An attack resulting from \cf15 Ambush\cf7  is resolved like any other attack, with all of the same steps. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 An attack resulting from \cf15 Ambush\cf7  resolves during the same turn the unit with \cf15 Ambush\cf7  entered play, as a nested ability. If the active\
player chooses to resolve \cf15 Ambush\cf7  before other simultaneous triggered abilities, those other triggered abilities are not resolved\
until after the attack resulting from \cf15 Ambush\cf7  and any abilities triggered during the attack are resolved. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs20 \cf7 6. 
\fs16 \cf15 Grit\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Grit\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93This unit gets +1/+0 for each damage on it.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple instances of \cf15 Grit\cf7  do not stack. If a unit gains \cf15 Grit\cf7  when it already has \cf15 Grit\cf7 , the unit\'92s power does not change.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 27
\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a unit with \cf15 Grit\cf7  deals and is dealt damage simultaneously (i.e. during combat), the unit with \cf15 Grit\cf7  does not get increased\
power from the new damage until after all damage is dealt.\
\cf16 For example: if a 2/2 unit with \cf15 Grit\cf16  and no damage is defending against a 1/3 attacker, the unit with \cf15 Grit\cf16  only deals 2 damage to\
the attacker for that combat, even though it takes 1 combat damage in return and ends combat with 3 power and 1 remaining HP.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an attacker has an ability where it deals combat damage before the defender and attacks a defender with \cf15 Grit\cf7 , that defender will\
receive increased power from \cf15 Grit\cf7  immediately and before it deals combat damage back to the attacker.\
\cf16 For example: the active player plays Shoot First (SOR #217) and attacks with their Battlefield Marine (SOR #095), choosing their\
opponent\'92s Baze Malbus (SOR #065) as the defender. Battlefield Marine deals its combat damage first, so 4 damage is placed on\
Baze. Because he has \cf15 Grit\cf16 , Baze gets +4/+0, and he deals 6 combat damage back to Battlefield Marine, defeating it.\

\fs20 \cf7 7. 
\fs16 \cf15 Overwhelm\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Overwhelm\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93While attacking, this unit deals its excess damage to\
the defending player\'92s base.\'94\
\cf16 For example, if a unit with 5 power and \cf15 Overwhelm\cf16  attacks an enemy unit with 3 remaining HP, it defeats that unit and deals 2\
damage to the enemy base.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple instances of \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  do not stack.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 An attacker with \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  deals combat damage to the defender and the enemy base simultaneously.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 When an attacker with \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  deals excess damage to a base, it is considered to have dealt combat damage to the base, but it\
is not considered to have attacked that base.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an attacker with \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  would deal combat damage to a defender that has a Shield token, the Shield token is defeated and\
no damage is dealt to the enemy base.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an attacker with \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  does not defeat the defender while attacking, no damage is dealt to the enemy base.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the defender is defeated before an attacker with \cf15 Overwhelm\cf7  deals combat damage (e.g. by an \'93On Attack\'94 ability), all of the\
attacker\'92s combat damage is considered excess damage and dealt to the enemy base, though the unit is not considered to have\
attacked that base.\

\fs20 8. 
\fs16 \cf15 Raid X\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Raid\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93While attacking, this unit gets +X power,\'94 where X is the\
number following \'93\cf15 Raid\cf7 .\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple instances of \cf15 Raid\cf7  stack. If a unit gains \cf15 Raid\cf7  when it already has \cf15 Raid\cf7 , the numerals following each instance of \cf15 Raid\cf7  are\
added together, and when the unit attacks, it gets bonus power equal to the total value.\
\cf16 For example, if a unit has \cf15 Raid 1\cf16  from one source and gains \cf15 Raid 2\cf16  from a different source, the unit is considered to have \cf15 Raid 3\cf16 ,\
and will get +3/+0 while attacking.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 An attacker gets bonus power from \cf15 Raid\cf7  during an attack and loses the bonus power when the attack completes, for the same\
duration as \'93While this unit is attacking\'94 abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a unit gains or loses \cf15 Raid\cf7  during an attack, its power is immediately adjusted to match its current \cf15 Raid\cf7  value.\

\fs20 9. 
\fs16 \cf15 Restore X\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Restore\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the triggered ability: \'93On Attack: Heal X damage from your base,\'94 where X is the\
number following \'93\cf15 Restore\cf7 .\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple instances of \cf15 Restore\cf7  stack. If a unit gains \cf15 Restore\cf7  when it already has \cf15 Restore\cf7 , the numerals following each instance of\
\cf15 Restore\cf7  are added together, and when the unit attacks it heals damage equal to the total value.\
\cf16 For example, if a unit has \cf15 Restore 1\cf16  from one source and gains \cf15 Restore 2\cf16  from a different source, the unit is considered to have\
\cf15 Restore 3\cf16 , and will heal 3 damage from its controller\'92s base when attacking.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 28
\fs20 \cf7 10. 
\fs16 \cf15 Saboteur\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Saboteur\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect encompasses two abilities, a constant ability and a triggered ability. \cf15 Saboteur\cf7 \'92s effect is\
the same as the abilities: \'93This unit may ignore \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  when choosing what to attack\'94 and \'93On Attack: Defeat all Shield tokens\
attached to the defender.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 To \'93ignore\'94 \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  means to determine the defender or base being attacked as if no enemy units in the attacker\'92s arena have\
\cf15 Sentinel\cf7 . Enemy units do not lose \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  while \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  is ignored.\

\fs20 11. 
\fs16 \cf15 Sentinel\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Sentinel\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93Units in this arena can\'92t attack your non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf7  units\
or your base. Abilities this unit gains can\'92t prevent this unit from being attacked.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a player makes an attack, after exhausting the attacker, the player checks if there are any enemy units in the attacker\'92s\
arena with \cf15 Sentinel\cf7 . If there are one or more, the attacking player cannot choose a non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf7  unit as the defender (unless the\
attacker has \cf15 Saboteur\cf7 ). If their opponent controls multiple units with \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  in that arena, the attacking player may choose any\
one of those units to be the defender.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the attacker has the \cf15 Saboteur\cf7  keyword, its controller ignores the \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  keyword on enemy units in the attacker\'92s arena,\
and may choose to attack any unit in the same arena or the opponent\'92s base. (Enemy units do not lose \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  while \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  is\
ignored.)\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 If a unit has \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  and an ability where it \'93can\'92t be attacked,\'94 \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  overrides that ability, and that unit can be attacked.\

\fs20 12. 
\fs16 \cf15 Shielded\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 When on a non-leader unit, \'93\cf15 Shielded\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the triggered ability: \'93When Played: Give a Shield\
token to this unit.\'94 When on a leader unit, \'93\cf15 Shielded\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as to the triggered ability: \'93When\
Deployed: Give a Shield token to this unit.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf15 Shielded\cf7  resolves in the same window as any \'93When Played\'94 abilities on the unit.\

\fs20 13. 
\fs16 \cf15 Bounty\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Bounty\cf7 \'94 is a keyword followed by an em dash and ability text whose effect is the same as the triggered ability: \cf4 \'93When Defeated/\
When Captured: Resolve the following ability,\'94 except that the triggered ability is considered controlled by an opponent.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Each \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability on a unit is considered an independent ability. A unit can have multiple \cf15 Bounty\cf7  abilities and can be given the\
same \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability multiple times.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf15 Bounty\cf7  resolves in the same window as any \'93When Defeated\'94 or \'93When Captured\'94 abilities on the unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 To \'93collect a \cf15 Bounty\cf7 \'94 is to resolve a triggered \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Resolving a \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability is optional. If a player chooses not to resolve a \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability, they are not considered to have collected\
that \cf15 Bounty\cf7 .\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf15 Bounty\cf7  abilities are always resolved by an opponent. If a player defeats their own unit that has a \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability, they must choose\
an opponent to resolve its \cf15 Bounty\cf7  ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 If playing with more than two players, the opponent who defeats/captures a unit with \cf15 Bounty\cf7  must be chosen as the opponent who\
may collect that \cf15 Bounty\cf7 . See 11. Playing With More than Two Players\

\fs20 14. 
\fs16 \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  [Y]\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93\cf15 Smuggle\cf7 \'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93\cf4 You may play this card from your resource zone by paying\
cost Y instead of its printed cost\cf7 , replacing it with the top card of your deck. This ability is active while this card is a resource,\'94\
where Y is the cost in brackets following \'93\cf15 Smuggle\cf7 .\'94 Paying this cost follows all normal rules for paying costs, including accounting\
for any aspect penalties that modify this cost.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Each \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  ability on a unit is considered an independent ability. A unit can have multiple \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Playing a card using \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  is considered a \'93Play a Card\'94 action, without the restriction that the card must be played from hand.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 29
\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 While in the resource zone, a resource whose facedown side has a \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  ability is considered to have \cf15 Smuggle\cf7 . Once in play, the\
card is still considered to have \cf15 Smuggle\cf7 . A \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  ability on a facedown card is considered hidden information to opponents.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 As the card is still in the resource zone while paying costs, a card with \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  can be exhausted to help pay its own \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  cost.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit or upgrade played using \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  is considered both to enter play and to be played. Any \'93When Played\'94 abilities on the card\
trigger. If it is a unit, the unit enters play exhausted. if it is an event, it is placed in its owner\'92s discard pile.\

\fs18 \cf3 g. 
\fs16 \cf7 As it enters play, a card played using \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  is replaced in the resource zone by the top card of a player\'92s deck. The two cards are\
considered to enter play simultaneously. The new resource enters play exhausted.\

\fs18 \cf3 h. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may still use \cf15 Smuggle\cf7  to play a card even if their deck is empty. In this case, they do not replace the card in their resource\
zone. They are not considered to have attempted to draw a card from their empty deck, and they do not put damage on their base.\

\fs18 \cf3 i. 
\fs16 \cf4 When playing a card from your resource zone using Smuggle, any of the card\'92s abilities that are active while playing the card\
become active as usual during Step 1 of the \'93Play a Card\'94 action.\

\fs20 \cf7 15. 
\fs16 \cf4 Coordinate\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf4 \'93Coordinate\'94 is a keyword followed by an em dash and ability text whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93While you\
control 3 or more units, this card gains the following ability.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf4 Each Coordinate ability on a unit is considered an independent ability. A unit can have multiple Coordinate abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf4 A unit with Coordinate still is considered to have Coordinate while its controller controls 2 or fewer units, even though the ability\
following Coordinate is inactive.\

\fs20 \cf7 16. 
\fs16 \cf4 Exploit X\

\fs18 \cf3 a.\

\fs16 \cf4 \'93Exploit\'94 is a keyword whose effect is the same as the constant ability: \'93While playing this card, you may defeat up to X friendly\
units. For each unit defeated this way, this card costs 2 less,\'93 where X is the number following Exploit.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf4 Multiple instances of Exploit stack. If a card gains Exploit when it already has Exploit, the numerals following each instance of\
Exploit are added together, and when the card is played, a number of friendly units may be defeated up to the total value.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf4 Exploit is used during Step 3 of the \'93Play a Card\'94 action: Determine cost(s).\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf4 Abilities that trigger while defeating units using Exploit (e.g. \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities) resolve only after the \'93Play a Card\'94 action\
has finished resolving, at the same time that a unit\'92s \'93When Played\'94 abilities resolve.\

\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs20 TRIGGERED ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Triggered abilities have bold text indicating their triggering condition, starting with the word \'93When\'94 or \'93On\'94, followed by a colon and\
an effect. Examples of triggered abilities are \'93When Played,\'94 \'93When Defeated,\'94 and \'93On Attack\'94 abilities.\
If a triggered ability has a forward slash (\'91/\'92) separating multiple triggering conditions, the ability triggers for each of those\
conditions. For example, an ability with a \'93When Played/When Defeated\'94 condition triggers both when the card it is on is played and\
when the card is defeated.\
For a triggered ability to resolve, the card with the ability must be in play when the triggering condition occurs, unless the ability\
specifies that it can be triggered from an out-of-play zone. Additionally, the triggered ability must resolve once triggered, even if the\
card with the ability leaves play before the triggered ability resolves.\

\fs20 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 For example, \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities on a card trigger when the card is put into a discard pile from play. The card is in the\
discard pile, an-out of-play zone, when the ability resolves.\
Triggered abilities on a unit still trigger if the unit is defeated by the action that triggers the ability (though they only resolve after\
the action has finished resolving). Triggered abilities on a unit that trigger when other units are defeated still trigger if that unit is\
defeated simultaneously to the other units.\
A triggered ability is considered to resolve during the same turn or game step that it was triggered.\
Resolving a triggered ability is not the same as taking an action. A player can resolve a triggered ability outside of their turn.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 30
\fs20 \cf7 7. 8. 9. 10. 
\fs16 A triggered ability must resolve once its triggering condition is met unless the ability uses the phrase \'93you may.\'94 Once triggered,\
these abilities must resolve at the next available opportunity.\
If an ability triggers during or as the result of a non-attack action, resolve that ability at the next available opportunity after that\
action is fully completed. If an ability triggers during an attack, resolve that ability at the appropriate timing point within that attack.\
Resolving a triggered ability never interrupts an action or ability that is currently resolving (other than the specified timing points\
during an attack). \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf7 If a player must resolve multiple triggered abilities on cards they control at the same time, that player chooses the order in which to\
resolve those abilities.\
If both players must resolve triggered abilities on cards they control at the same time, the active player chooses one player at a time\
to resolve abilities. When chosen, that player resolves all abilities triggered on cards they control in the order of their choice, and\
once they finish, the other player does the same on cards they control.\

\fs20 11. 12. 
\fs16 For example, if the active player Addy defeats Benji\'92s unit with an attack, and Addy then has 1 triggered ability to resolve while Benji\
has 2, Addy chooses whether she resolves her 1 ability first, or Benji resolves his 2 first. Addy can only choose which player resolves\
their abilities first; she cannot choose the order in which Benji resolves his 2 abilities.\
After resolving a triggered ability \'93A\'94, if any new abilities were triggered while resolving it, the new abilities are considered \'93nested\
abilities\'94 and must be resolved before any other abilities triggered at the same time as ability \'93A\'94.\
Any abilities triggered while resolving a nested ability are likewise nested abilities, and must be resolved before other triggered\
abilities waiting to resolve. When resolving a series of nested abilities, each new layer of abilities must be fully resolved before\
returning to an earlier layer.\
For example, Grayson chooses to attack Mimi\'92s Vanguard Infantry (SOR #108) with his Greedo (SOR #204). Both units are defeated,\
simultaneously triggering the When Defeated abilities on each. Since Grayson is the active player, he gets to decide which player\
will resolve their triggers first. He chooses himself, and manages to use Greedo\'92s When Defeated ability to defeat another of Mimi\'92s\
units, Admiral Motti (SOR #226), that has its own When Defeated ability. Admiral Motti\'92s ability is a nested ability, since it triggered\
during the resolution of Greedo\'92s ability, so it must be resolved next. Only after readying a unit with Admiral Motti\'92s ability may Mimi\
resolve Vanguard Infantry\'92s When Defeated ability from the earlier ability layer.\

\fs20 13. 
\fs16 When Played\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some triggered abilities are indicated with \'93When Played\'94 in bold, followed by a colon and an effect. These abilities trigger when\
the card they\'92re on is played and resolve after the card\'92s cost is paid and it is put into play.\

\fs18 \cf3 b.\

\fs16 \cf7 \'93When Played\'94 abilities, \cf15 Ambush\cf7 , and \cf15 Shielded\cf7  all resolve in the same timing window, in the order that the card\'92s controller\
chooses.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Any triggered ability whose triggering condition begins with \'93When played\'94 is considered a \'93When Played\'94 ability (e.g. \'93When played\
using \cf15 Smuggle\cf7 \'93).\

\fs20 14. 
\fs16 When Defeated\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some triggered abilities are indicated with \'93When Defeated\'94 in bold, followed by a colon and an effect. These abilities trigger when\
the card they\'92re on is defeated and resolve after the card is removed from play and placed in its owner\'92s discard pile.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s \'93When Defeated\'94 ability is resolved by the player that controlled the card when it was defeated.\

\fs20 15. 
\fs16 On Attack\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Some triggered abilities are indicated with \'93On Attack\'94 in bold, followed by a colon and an effect. \'93On Attack\'93 abilities are resolved\
when the unit they\'92re on attacks, before that unit deals combat damage.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an \'93On Attack\'93 ability deals damage, that damage is not considered to be combat damage.\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 EFFECTS\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 An effect is a non-cost part of a card ability that has the potential to change the game state. Some effects resolve separately from\
the ability that created them, or replace the standard resolution of the ability that created them.\
Though there are many different effects in the game, there are three types of effects that require additional rules clarifications:\
lasting effects, delayed effects, and replacement effects.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 31
\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 Lasting Effects\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A lasting effect is a part of an ability that affects the game for a specified duration of time. Most lasting effects include the phrase\
\'93for this phase\'94 or \'93for this attack.\'94\
\cf16 Examples of lasting effects include: \'93It gets +3/+0 for this attack,\'94 (Surprise Strike, SOR #220) and \'93Bases can\'92t be healed for this\
phase\'94 (Wolffe, SOR #160).\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A lasting effect persists beyond the resolution of the ability that created it and for the duration specified by the ability, even if the\
ability that created the effect was on a card that left play.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Multiple lasting effects can apply to the same unit at the same time. If a new lasting effect conflicts with an existing lasting effect,\
the new effect takes precedence.\
\cf16 For example, Rielle plays Gladiator Star Destroyer (SOR #086), using its ability to give a ground unit \cf15 Sentinel\cf16  for this phase. If her\
opponent then plays SpecForce Soldier (SOR #140) to make the same ground unit lose \cf15 Sentinel\cf16  for this phase, the unit no longer\
has \cf15 Sentinel\cf16 .\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 By default, a lasting effect only applies to a card that\'92s in play at the time of the lasting effect\'92s creation. For a lasting effect to\
affect a card in an out-of-play zone, the ability that created that effect must explicitly state so.\
\cf16 For example, Rallying Cry (SOR #154) gives each friendly unit \cf15 Raid 2\cf16  for the phase. Only friendly units that were in play when\
Rallying Cry was played get \cf15 Raid 2\cf16  for the phase; any units that enter play after this time do not get \cf15 Raid 2\cf16 .\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Lasting effects expire immediately at the end of their specified duration. All lasting effects that expire at the same timing window\
expire simultaneously.\

\fs20 4. 
\fs16 Delayed Effects\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A delayed effect is created when a card ability indicates a future timing point or a future condition that may arise and an effect that\
will happen at that time.\
\cf16 Examples of delayed effects include: \'93At the start of the regroup phase, draw 1 card\'94 and \'93The next card you play this phase costs\
1 less.\'94\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Delayed effects resolve automatically and immediately after their specified timing point or future condition occurs, before any\
other abilities triggered by that timing point or condition.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Once created, a delayed effect will resolve at the specified timing point or condition, even if the ability that created it was on a card\
that left play.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a delayed effect resolves, it is not treated as a new triggered ability, even if the delayed effect was originally created by a\
triggered ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If multiple delayed effects must be resolved at the same time, the player that controls the cards that created those delayed effects\
chooses the order in which those effects resolve. If both players have one or more delayed effects that must be resolved at the\
same time, the active player chooses one player at a time to resolve effects. When chosen, that player resolves all delayed effects\
created by cards they control in the order of their choice, and once they finish, the other player does the same for their effects.\

\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf4 Some abilities create delayed effects that define the expiration of the ability. When the specified timing point or condition of\
expiration occurs, the delayed effect is immediately resolved. If an ability creates a delayed effect such that the only possible\
timing point or condition of expiration has already occurred, the effect resolves immediately upon creation.\
For example, Change of Heart (SOD #224) is an event with the ability, \'93Take control of a non-leader unit. At the start of the\
regroup phase, its owner takes control of it.\'94 When the event is resolved, the player who played the event takes control of a non-\
leader unit. At the start of the next regroup phase, the unit\'92s owner retakes control of that unit.\
For another example, DJ: Blatant Thief (SHD #213) has the ability, \'93When played using Smuggle: Take control of an enemy\
resource. When this unit leaves play, that resource\'92s owner takes control of it.\'94 If DJ has already left play when this ability is\
resolved, the delayed effect resolves immediately, and the chosen resource\'92s owner takes control of that resource.\

\fs20 \cf7 5. 
\fs16 Replacement Effects (Instead, Would)\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A replacement effect occurs when part or all of the standard resolution of \cf4 a triggering condition, ability, or action step\cf7  is replaced\
with an alternate resolution. This alternate resolution is the \'93replacement effect.\'94\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 32
\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Replacement effects are indicated by the words \'93instead\'94 or \'93would.\'94\
\cf16 For example, Luke Skywalker: Jedi Knight (SOR #51) has the ability, \'93When Played: Give an enemy unit -3/-3 for this phase. If a\
friendly unit was defeated this phase, give that enemy unit -6/-6 for this phase instead.\'94 The standard resolution of this ability\
is giving an enemy unit -3/-3 for the phase, and its replacement effect is giving the unit -6/-6 instead of -3/-3. The replacement\
effect resolves if the condition\'97a friendly unit being defeated that phase\'97is met.\
For another example, the text box on a Shield token reads as: \'93If damage would be dealt to attached unit, prevent that damage. If\
you do, defeat a Shield token on it.\'94 The standard resolution is damage being dealt to the unit, while the replacement effect is the\
Shield being removed and no damage being dealt to the unit.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A replacement effect must be resolved immediately upon its condition being met, unless the effect uses the phrase \'93you may.\'94 If\
the player cannot perform the replacement effect, they must resolve the original effect and ignore the replacement effect.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a replacement effect replaces all of the standard resolution of a condition, ability, or action step, the standard resolution does\
not resolve and is ignored. In such a case, abilities can only trigger off of the replacement effect, and not the standard resolution\
of the ability. If a replacement effect replaces part of the standard resolution of a condition, ability, or action step, the resolution of\
the replacement effect and unreplaced standard resolution occur simultaneously.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf4 If multiple replacement effects are triggered by the same condition, the player that controls the affected game object chooses to\
resolve effects in any order until the condition no longer applies.\
For example, if Ricardo and Amy each control a Shield token on Ricardo\'92s unit and that unit would be dealt damage, Ricardo\
decides which Shield token will prevent the damage and be defeated, since he is the controller of the affected unit.\
\cf6 7. ABILITIES AND EFFECTS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 33
\fs26 \cf2 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 ASPECT PENALTY\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 The aspect penalty is a special modifier to a card\'92s cost. When a player attempts to play a card with aspect icons beyond those\
provided by that player\'92s leader and/or base, the player incurs the aspect penalty, and must pay 2 additional resources for each icon\
beyond those provided. If the player cannot pay these additional resources along with other costs, they cannot play the card.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, a player that has a leader with\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 and\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 icons and a base with a\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf4 \uc0\u63195 \u63187 \cf2 \uc0\u63187 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon could play any cards with 1\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 ,\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 , and/or\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf4 \uc0\u63195 \u63187 \cf2 \uc0\u63187 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon without paying additional resources. If that player attempted to play a card with 1\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf12 \uc0\u63198 \u63190 \cf2 \uc0\u63190 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon, they\'92d have to pay 2 additional\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 resources for that card, and if they attempted to play a card with\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf13 \uc0\u63197 \u63189 \cf2 \uc0\u63189 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 and\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs16 \cf7 , they\'92d have to pay 4 additional resources for that card.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 Each aspect icon depicted on a leader or base provides only 1 icon of the given type. In order to play a card that has 2 of the same\
type of aspect icon without incurring the aspect penalty, the player\'92s leader and base must each have an icon of that type.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20 \cf7 3. 
\fs16 For example, Luke Skywalker: Faithful Friend (SOR #236) provides only 1\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon and 1\
Protector (SOR #41)\'97a card with 2\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 icons--but doesn\'92t want to incur the aspect penalty, Luke\'92s player must build their deck using\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon. If Luke\'92s player wants to play\
a base that provides a second\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs16 \cf7 icon, such as Capital City (SOR #20).\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 If an ability instructs a player to play a card \'93for free,\'94 the player bypasses all modifiers to that card\'92s cost, including the aspect\
penalty, and does not pay any resources to play that card. The player must still pay any additional non-resource costs of the card.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 \'93ATTACKS AND DEFEATS\'94\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 If an ability has the triggering condition \'93When this unit attacks and defeats a unit,\'94 it only triggers if the defender is defeated during\
the attack. Defeating other units during the attack does not trigger the ability.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 ATTRIBUTE\
\cf7 1. 
\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs16 \cf7 An attribute is a part of a card\'92s anatomy. Attributes include a card\'92s name, subtitle, card type, arena type, cost, aspect(s), power,\
power modifier, HP, HP modifier, trait(s), and text box. A card\'92s attributes can be modified through upgrades and abilities. \cf8 See 2. Card\
Anatomy\

\fs20 \cf2 \'93CAN\'94 AND \'93CAN\'92T\'94\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 When \'93can\'94 is used in a card ability, that ability adjusts or overrides a default rule of play. The player controlling a card with such an\
ability is able to choose whether to use that ability in the way specified or follow the default rule of play instead.\

\fs20 2. 3. 
\fs16 For example, by default space units are unable attack ground units. However, Strafing Gunship (SOR #212) has an ability that\
states, \'93This unit can attack units in the ground arena.\'94 The \'93can\'94 in the ability means that Strafing Gunship is able to do something\
that another space unit without the ability cannot do. That said, Strafing Gunship is still able to attack other space units, which is a\
default rule of play for space units. Its controller gets to choose which type of unit Strafing Gunship attacks.\
When \'93can\'92t\'94 is used in a card ability, that ability adjusts or overrides a default rule of play. The player controlling a card with such an\
ability must follow that ability over the default rule of play.\
Restrictive abilities override permissive abilities. If an ability with the word \'93may\'94 or \'93can\'94 directly contradicts an ability that uses the\
word \'93can\'92t\'94, then the ability that uses \'93can\'92t\'94 takes precedence.\
For example, if an ability that was in effect stated that a unit \'93can attack a base this phase,\'94 but a different ability that was in effect\
stated that unit \'93can\'92t attack bases,\'94 the ability with \'93can\'92t\'94 takes precedence, and the unit couldn\'92t attack a base that phase.\

\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs20 CHOOSE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 When an ability instructs a player to \'93choose\'94 a game object, they must choose a game object that matches the criteria specified by\
the ability.\
If instructed to \'93choose a unit,\'94 that unit must be in play when resolving the ability, unless otherwise specified.\
If instructed to \'93choose a player,\'94 either player in the game can be chosen, including the player resolving the ability.\
Some abilities instruct a player to \'93choose\'94 a number of options from a bulleted list. When resolving these abilities, the player must\
choose a different bulleted option each time. \cf4 A player chooses options one at a time, and may wait to see how one option resolves\
before choosing the next option.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 34
\fs20 \cf7 5. 6. 
\fs16 When an ability instructs a player to deal an amount of damage \'93divided as you choose\'94 among eligible cards, the player chooses how\
much damage is placed on each eligible card, up to the number specified. The player must deal all damage specified by the ability,\
and can deal damage in excess of a card\'92s remaining HP. All damage dealt is applied simultaneously.\
When a player must choose \'93a number\'94 or \'93any number,\'94 they may choose any whole number they wish, including 0. If a player must\
divide damage among any number of units, they may choose to deal damage to 0 units.\

\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs20 COPY\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 A card is considered a \'93copy\'94 of another card if both cards have all of the same printed attributes: the same name, subtitle,\
uniqueness, card type, arena type, cost, aspect(s), trait(s), power or power modifier, HP or HP modifier, and abilities. Disregard any\
reminder text when evaluating whether two cards are \'93copies\'94 of one another.\
A card may have the same name as another card, but otherwise have one or more different printed attributes; these cards are not\
considered copies of each other.\
Printed attributes are what determine if a card is a copy of another card. Ignore any modifiers, abilities, or effects applied to a card\
when determining if it is a copy of another card.\
Whenever a card leaves and later re-enters play, it is considered a \'93new copy\'94 of that card for the purposes of game rules and does\
not regain any modifiers or reapply any effects from when it was previously in play. It continues to be considered a new copy even if it\
changes zones.\

\fs20 5. 6. 7. 
\fs16 For example, Regional Governor (SOR #062) has an ability that says \'93When Played: Name a card. While this unit is in play,\
opponents can\'92t play the named card.\'94 If Regional Governor is defeated and later replayed from the discard pile, its \'93When Played\'94\
ability would trigger again, but it would not resume preventing opponents from playing the originally chosen card.\
A player may have up to 3 copies of any non-leader, non-base card in their deck, regardless of if that card is unique or not.\
A player can only control 1 copy of each unique card at a given time. If a player ever has more than one copy of a unique card in play\
under their control at a given time, they must immediately defeat one of them. (This occurs before resolving any abilities that trigger\
when the new copy enters play.) The player still resolves any abilities that trigger upon the copy being defeated in this way, such as\
any \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities on it. If a new copy with a \'93When Played\'94 ability enters play and is immediately defeated, the ability is\
still triggered.\
A player may control any number of copies of a non-unique card at a given time.\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 EMPTY DECK\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 If a player runs out of cards in their deck, they continue playing with the cards they have in play and in hand. If a player would draw a\
card from their empty deck, they instead deal 3 damage to their base for each card they would draw.\
For example, if a player with an empty deck would draw 2 cards during the regroup phase, they instead deal 6 damage to their\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 If an ability would cause a player to shuffle, discard, search, reveal, or look at cards from an empty deck, they ignore that part of the\
base.\
ability.\

\fs22 \cf2 8.\

\fs20 ENTERS PLAY\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 A card enters play when it moves from an out-of-play zone to an in-play zone or when it is turned faceup.\
Leaders begin the game with their Leader side in-play and their Leader Unit side out-of-play. When a leader is deployed, its Leader\
Unit side enters play. When a Leader Unit is defeated, its Leader side enters play.\
Whenever a card enters play, it is considered a \'93new copy\'94 of that card. This includes cards played from the discard pile and cards\
that re-enter play after being rescued.\

\fs22 \cf2 9.\

\fs20 FIRST, SECOND, ETC.\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Abilities that refer to the \'93first\'94 occurrence in a phase or round (e.g. \'93The first event played this phase\'94) always refer to the very first\
occurrence in that phase or round, not the first after an ability becomes active. Abilities that affect the \'93first\'94 occurrence in a phase\
or round do not apply their effects retroactively if they become active after the first occurrence has already taken place.\
\cf4 Abilities that refer to the \'93second\'94 or later occurrence in a phase or round (e.g. \'93The second event played this phase\'94) likewise refer\
to the second or later occurrence that happens in that phase or round, regardless of when the ability becomes active. Abilities that\
affect the second or later occurrence in a phase or round do not apply their effects retroactively if they become active after the\
occurrence has already taken place.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 35
\fs22 \cf2 10.\

\fs20 \'93IF YOU DO\'94\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 Some abilities use the phrase \'93If you do.\'94 In order to resolve the text following \'93If you do,\'94 the controlling player must resolve the text\
before \'93If you do.\'94 Additionally, the text following \'93if you do\'94 must resolve if the text preceding \'93if you do\'94 is resolved.\
For example, ISB Agent (SOR #176) has an ability that reads, \'93When Played: You may reveal an event from your hand. If you do, deal\
1 damage to a unit.\'94 If Evan controls ISB Agent, he can choose to resolve the ability and deal 1 damage by revealing an event from\
his hand. He must have an event in his hand to do this, and he must reveal it before dealing 1 damage. If he doesn\'92t reveal an event,\
he doesn\'92t deal damage.\
If a replacement effect replaces the resolution of the text before \'93If you do\'94 with another effect, the controlling player is still\
considered to have resolved that text. That player still resolves the text after \'93If you do.\'94\

\fs22 \cf2 11.\

\fs20 \cf7 2. \cf2 IGNORE\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 If a player is instructed to \'93ignore\'94 a keyword ability, they treat that ability as inactive, as specified by the \'93ignore\'94 effect.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, the \cf15 Saboteur\cf7  keyword instructs the player to \'93ignore\'94 the \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  keyword. An attacking unit with \cf15 Saboteur\cf7  is\
unaffected by an opponent\'92s unit with \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  in its arena; it may attack either a non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf7  unit in that arena controlled by\
that opponent, or that opponent\'92s base.\
If a player is instructed to \'93ignore\'94 the aspect penalty for a card, they pay the cost of the card without adding an aspect penalty. The\
card is still considered to have those aspect icons while the aspect penalty is ignored, which may trigger other abilities that depend\
on aspects. If any other additional costs are being applied to that card, the player still pays those additional costs.\
For example, the leader card Hera Syndulla: Spectre Two (SOR #008) has the following ability on both sides: \'93Ignore the aspect\
penalty on 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 SPECTRE
\fs16  cards you play.\'94 When Hera\'92s owner plays a 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 SPECTRE
\fs16 -traited card with aspect icons that don\'92t match the icons\
on Hera or their base, they do not incur the aspect penalty. They must still pay the card\'92s cost, including any other additional costs.\

\fs22 \cf2 12.\

\fs20 LAST KNOWN INFORMATION\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 \'93Last known information\'94 is information about a card that\'92s no longer in play, accounting for the controller of the card, modifiers\
applied to that card, abilities on that card, and upgrades attached to that card immediately before it left play. Last known information\
is used primarily when resolving a \'93When Defeated\'94 ability on a card that left play.\
For example, if a unit had a \'93When Defeated\'94 ability that dealt damage equal to its power to a base, the damage dealt by the ability\
would account for any modifiers to that unit\'92s power at the time the ability was triggered.\

\fs22 \cf2 13.\

\fs20 LEAVES PLAY\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A card leaves play when it moves from an in-play zone to an out-of-play zone or when it is turned facedown. Defeating a unit or\
returning a unit to hand from play both cause the unit to leave play. If a unit leaves play, any upgrades attached to it are defeated, but\
lasting or delayed effects from its abilities remain active.\
When a leader is deployed, its Leader side leaves play. When a Leader Unit is defeated, its Leader Unit side leaves play and it is\
returned to the Base Zone exhausted, with its Leader side faceup.\

\fs22 \cf2 14.\

\fs20 \cf7 2. \cf2 LOOK AT\

\fs22 15.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. \cf2 LOSE, LOSES\

\fs16 \cf7 When a player is instructed to \'93look at\'94 cards from a specific zone, the player picks up those cards and views them, keeping them\
secret from other players. The player cannot change the order of those cards. After viewing, the player returns the cards to the zone\
in the same order and orientation (faceup or facedown) as they were previously, unless otherwise specified.\
Looked-at cards are not considered to leave the zone they were originally in, unless otherwise specified.\

\fs20 1. 
\fs16 If an ability causes a unit to \'93lose\'94 a keyword, the unit ceases to have the specified keyword and any abilities granting it that keyword\
when the \'93\'91lose\'94 effect is resolved cease granting the keyword for the duration of the \'93lose\'94 effect. Unless otherwise specified, the\
unit can regain that keyword through new effects.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, Samir plays SpecForce Soldier (SOR #140), which has the ability \'93When Played: A unit loses \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  for this phase.\'94\
Samir chooses to have Devi\'92s System Patrol Craft (SOR #066) lose \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  for the phase. Devi can then play Protector (SOR #057)\
on her System Patrol Craft to give it \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  again.\
If an ability causes a card to \'93lose all abilities,\'94 the card ceases to have any abilities, including abilities given to it by other cards, for\
the duration of the \'93lose\'94 effect. Unless otherwise specified, the card can still gain abilities through new effects.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 36
\fs22 \cf2 16.\

\fs20 MODIFIERS\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A \'93modifier\'94 refers to a change of a printed value on a card through an ability applied to that card or an upgrade attached to that card.\
When a modifier is applied to a printed value, it creates a modified value, which in turn is used when resolving abilities or actions that\
depend on that value. \cf4 The modified value of a card is considered open information to both players.\

\fs20 \cf7 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 An example of a modifier is \'93Give a unit +1/+1 for this phase,\'94 which modifies a unit\'92s power and HP until the end of the phase.\
When calculating a modified value, start with the printed value, then apply any modifiers that increase that value before any\
modifiers that decrease that value.\
Modifiers are cumulative. Any time a new modifier is applied to a value, the value is recalculated immediately, accounting for the\
printed value and all active modifiers.\
A value cannot be modified below 0. If a value would be modified below 0, treat that value as 0 instead. However, any new modifiers\
applied after a value is treated as 0 will still account for any previous modifiers applied to that value.\
For example, Keith plays Make an Opening (SOR #076) and gives his opponent\'92s Cantina Braggart (SOR #157) -2/-2 for the phase.\
Cantina Braggart\'92s printed power is 0, and though its power was modified by -2, its power is still treated as 0. If Keith\'92s opponent\
then attacks with Cantina Braggart, its \cf15 Raid 2\cf7  gives it +2/+0, but the -2/-2 applied to it that phase is still accounted for, and\
Cantina Braggart attacks with 0 total power.\

\fs20 5. 
\fs16 Modifying Cost\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A card\'92s cost can be modified through abilities. Any modifiers to a card\'92s cost must be applied when paying for the cost of the card;\
if the player cannot pay the card\'92s modified cost, they cannot play that card.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Modifiers to a card\'92s cost are only applied while a card is being played. At any other point in time, the card\'92s cost is equal to its\
printed value. \cf8 See 6.2. Play A Card\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 The aspect penalty is a special modifier to a card\'92s cost. When a player attempts to play a card with aspect icons beyond those\
provided by that player\'92s leader and/or base, the player incurs the aspect penalty and must pay 2 additional resources for each icon\
beyond those provided.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 Abilities that instruct a player to play a card \'93for free\'94 bypass any modifiers to that card\'92s cost, including the aspect penalty. They\
must still pay any additional non-resource costs applied to the card.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If an ability affects a card with a specific \'93cost,\'94 that ability only refers to the printed cost of the card. It does not take into account\
any modifiers to the card\'92s cost as it was played.\
\cf16 For example, the Chewbacca: Walking Carpet (SOR #003) leader has an action ability allowing his controller to play a unit that\
costs 3 or less from their hand and give it \cf15 Sentinel\cf16 . An eligible card for this ability is one that has a printed cost of 3 or less,\
not accounting for any modifiers that would be applied to that card as it is being played. Say Chewbacca\'92s controller intends\
to play Death Trooper (SOR #033), knowing they will incur an aspect penalty of 2 resources when playing it. They may exhaust\
Chewbacca, reveal Death Trooper, and pay its modified cost of 5 resources, then put it into play and give it \cf15 Sentinel\cf16 . This is\
allowed because abilities that check costs only account for a card\'92s printed cost, not its modified cost nor how many resources\
were spent on the card.\

\fs20 \cf7 6. 
\fs16 Modifying Power\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit\'92s power can be modified through upgrades or abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Modifiers to a card\'92s power only apply to the card while it is in play. If the card leaves play, it loses any modifiers to its power.\
However, when resolving a \'93When Defeated\'94 ability on such a card, use that card\'92s last known power value for that ability.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 An upgrade modifies the attached unit\'92s power as long as the upgrade is attached to that unit. If multiple upgrades are attached to\
a unit, each upgrade cumulatively modifies the unit\'92s power.\

\fs20 7. 
\fs16 Modifying HP\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A unit\'92s HP can be modified through upgrades or abilities.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 When determining a card\'92s remaining HP, subtract the damage on that card from its modified HP. If its remaining HP is 0 or less,\
that card is defeated.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Modifiers to a card\'92s HP only apply to the card while it is in play. If the card leaves play, it loses any modifiers to its HP.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 37
\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 An upgrade modifies the attached unit\'92s HP as long as the upgrade is attached to that unit. If multiple upgrades are attached to a\
unit, each upgrade cumulatively modifies the unit\'92s HP.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the removal of an upgrade or the expiration of an effect causes a unit\'92s remaining HP to be 0 or less, immediately defeat that unit.\

\fs22 \cf2 17.\

\fs20 \'93MUST\'94\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 If a card ability states that an effect \'93must\'94 happen or a specific choice \'93must\'94 be made, the player has to resolve the ability as\
specified, as much as they are able.\
If a card ability with the word \'93must\'94 directly contradicts a card ability that uses the word \'93can\'94, then the ability that uses \'93must\'94 takes\
precedence.\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 For example if an ability that was in effect stated that a unit \'93can ready and attack an enemy unit this round,\'94 but a different ability\
that was in effect stated that the unit \'93must attack a base for its next attack this round,\'94 the ability with \'93must\'94 takes precedence\
and the unit only would be allowed to attack a base for the round.\
If a card ability with the word \'93must\'94 directly contradicts a card ability that uses the word \'93can\'92t\'94, then the ability that uses \'93can\'92t\'94\
takes precedence.\
For example, if an ability in effect stated that a unit \'93must attack a base this round,\'94 but a different ability in effect stated that unit\
\'93can\'92t attack bases,\'94 the ability with \'93can\'92t\'94 takes precedence, and the unit cannot attack a base.\

\fs22 \cf2 18.\

\fs20 \'93NAME\'94\

\fs22 19.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 If an ability instructs a player to \'93name a card,\'94 that player clearly indicates the name of any card in Star Wars: Unlimited (such as by\
saying its name out loud), and applies the rest of the ability to any cards with that name in the game. These abilities do not account\
for subtitles \cf4 or the unique icon\cf7 ; the player does not need to specify a subtitle \cf4 or whether a card has a unique icon\cf7  when naming a\
card.\
A card \'93shares a name\'94 with another card if their full names are identical. A card does not need to share a subtitle with another card\
to share a name with it.\

\fs20 \cf2 OTHER, ANOTHER\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 A card with an ability that uses \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 cannot apply the effects of its ability to itself.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, Bail Organa (SOR #094) has an action ability that gives an Experience token to \'93another\'94 friendly unit. Bail\'92s controller\
cannot use this ability to give Bail the Experience; they must give the Experience to a different friendly unit.\
An ability may use \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 to separate the first card it affects from a different card that it affects.\
For example, Overwhelming Barrage (SOR #092) is an event that gives a friendly unit +2/+2 for the phase, and deals damage to any\
number of \'93other\'94 units. The \'93other\'94 in this ability means that the damage cannot be applied to the friendly unit given +2/+2.\

\fs22 \cf2 20.\

\fs20 PLAY RESTRICTIONS\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A play restriction is a condition that prevents a card from being played. Play restrictions are checked before paying the costs to play\
a card.\
The phrase \'93attach to\'94 is a play restriction found on some upgrades, indicating a specific type of unit that\'92s eligible for that upgrade.\
If there is no eligible unit in play for the upgrade to attach to, the upgrade cannot be played.\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 For example, Jedi Lightsaber (SOR #054) is an upgrade that has a play restriction: \'93Attach to a non-
\fs15\fsmilli7650 VEHICLE
\fs16  unit.\'94 In order to play\
Jedi Lightsaber, there must be an eligible unit in play for it to attach to, which is any unit without the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 VEHICLE
\fs16  trait. If there are no\
units in play without the 
\fs15\fsmilli7650 VEHICLE
\fs16  trait, Jedi Lightsaber cannot be played.\
The phrase \'93can\'92t play\'94 is a play restriction used in certain card abilities. A player cannot play the specified type of card for as long as\
the ability is in effect.\
For example, Regional Governor (SOR #062) has the ability: \'93Name a card. While this unit is in play, opponents can\'92t play the named\
card.\'94 This ability is a play restriction that prevents opponents from playing the named card while Regional Governor is in play.\

\fs22 \cf2 21.\

\fs20 PREVENT (DAMAGE)\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 \cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf7 If an ability prevents all damage from being dealt to a unit or base, do not place any damage counters on that unit or base. Any\
abilities that would trigger when damage is dealt don\'92t trigger.\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 38
\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 If an ability prevents a specific amount of damage from being dealt to a unit or base, reduce the amount of damage counters placed\
on that unit or base by the prevented amount. If all damage is prevented in this way, any abilities that would trigger when damage is\
dealt don\'92t trigger.\

\fs22 \cf2 22.\

\fs20 PRINTED\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 \'93Printed\'94 is a term used in rules text to refer to an attribute physically printed on a card to differentiate that attribute from modifiers,\
abilities, and effects applied to the card. This term is used for rules clarification purposes, such as when explaining the steps of\
modifying a card\'92s cost.\

\fs22 \cf2 23.\

\fs20 RANDOM\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 When you must choose randomly from a set of options or cards, any method agreed upon by both players is acceptable, so long as\
each option has an equal likelihood of being chosen by the method (such as flipping a coin to decide between two options).\

\fs22 \cf2 24.\

\fs20 REFERENTIAL ABILITIES\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 A referential ability is an ability that refers to a specific card by name.\
Most referential abilities have an effect that occurs if a player controls a card with the specified name. A referential ability only\
accounts for the name of the card, and does not account for that card\'92s subtitle or card type.\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 For example, Emperor\'92s Royal Guard (SOR #082) has the ability: \'93While you control Emperor Palpatine, this unit gets +0/+1.\'94 This\
ability will give the Emperor\'92s Royal Guard increased HP if its controller also controls Emperor Palpatine as a leader or a unit.\
Some upgrades have referential abilities that specify an effect that occurs if the attached unit is the named unit. Such an upgrade\
can be attached to a unit that isn\'92t the named unit, but the part of the ability that references the named unit won\'92t resolve.\
For example, Vader\'92s Lightsaber (SOR #136) has a \'93When Played\'94 ability: \'93If attached unit is Darth Vader, you may deal 4 damage\
to a ground unit.\'94 A player can attach Vader\'92s Lightsaber to a non-
\fs15\fsmilli7650 VEHICLE
\fs16  unit other than Darth Vader, but they will only be able to\
deal the 4 damage if the attached unit is Darth Vader.\

\fs22 \cf2 25.\

\fs20 RETURN\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 Some card abilities will \'93return\'94 a specific type of card to its owner\'92s hand. By default, only cards that are in play can be returned this\
way; an ability must specify if it is returning a card from an out-of-play zone in order to do so. A card need not have been in a hand\
previously in order to be returned to a hand.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, an ability that reads, \'93Return a non-leader unit to its owner\'92s hand,\'94 can only return a unit that\'92s in play to its owner\'92s\
hand; the ability cannot return a unit from another zone. However, an ability that reads, \'93Return a unit from your discard pile to your\
hand,\'94 specifically returns a unit from the discard pile.\
A card that is returned from play to its owner\'92s hand is not considered to have been defeated.\

\fs22 \cf2 26.\

\fs20 REVEAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 
\fs16 To \'93reveal\'94 a card means to make a card temporarily open information by showing it to both players. Abilities can cause a player to\
reveal cards from their deck, hand, or resource zone.\
When a player must reveal one or more cards from their hand, they choose which cards to reveal that match the ability\'92s\
specifications.\
A revealed card is not considered to have left the zone it was revealed from unless otherwise specified.\
Once a reveal ability has been resolved, return any revealed cards to their respective zones, in the same orientation as they were\
before being revealed. If a card was considered hidden information before being revealed, it is considered hidden information again.\
If a player revealed a card to their opponent, the opponent cannot ask to view that card again once the card has returned to its zone\
and previous orientation. The opponent can only view that card if another ability causes the card to be revealed, or if that card is\
later faceup.\

\fs20 6. 
\fs16 When a player is instructed to reveal a resource, they show the faceup side of that card (the side with attributes) to both players.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 39
\fs22 \cf2 27.\

\fs20 SEARCH\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 
\fs16 When an ability instructs a player to \'93search\'94 their deck, that player looks at a number of cards from their deck to find one or more\
cards, often with a specified attribute. The player chooses one or more cards (as indicated by the ability) and returns the other cards\
to their deck as specified below. The ability then instructs the player on what to do with the card(s) they have chosen. The player may\
also choose to resolve the ability as though no appropriate card was found.\
If an ability searches the top X cards of a player\'92s deck, after searching, the player puts any cards not chosen with the ability on the\
bottom of their deck in a random order. If an ability searches a player\'92s entire deck, after searching, they shuffle their deck.\
While searching, players must keep searched cards hidden from their opponent.\
If multiple cards have the attribute specified by the search, the player may choose which card(s) to use to satisfy the ability.\
If no cards have the attribute specified by the search, the player still resolves as much of the ability as possible.\
A player is not required to reveal hidden information in order to resolve a search ability. That player still must do as much as they can\
when resolving such an ability, up to the point of hidden information being revealed.\
Searched cards are not considered to leave the deck while searching. Cards chosen by a search are considered to be in the deck\
zone (but no longer in the deck) until they are put into a different zone by drawing, discarding, or playing them.\

\fs22 \cf2 28.\

\fs20 TAKE CONTROL\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 If an ability instructs a player to \'93take control\'94 of a card, that player will become that card\'92s controller, and remain so until either that\
card leaves play or their opponent takes control of that card.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is a unit, it maintains its ready or exhausted status and keeps all damage counters on it. All upgrades attached to it\
remain attached and keep their original controllers. Its new controller orients it in its arena to face them.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is an upgrade, it remains on the unit it is attached to unless specified otherwise.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 If the card is a resource, it maintains its ready or exhausted status and moves to its new controller\'92s resource zone.\

\fs20 2. 3. 
\fs16 When a unit is defeated, it is placed in its owner\'92s discard pile, but any \'93When Defeated\'94 abilities are resolved by whichever player\
controlled it when it was defeated.\
If control of a unit that is attacking or defending changes during an attack, that unit is no longer considered to be part of the attack,\
and is no longer considered to be either an attacker or defender.\

\fs22 \cf2 29.\

\fs20 \'93THEN\'94\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 If an ability contains two effects separated by \'93then,\'94 the ability is resolved by resolving the first effect, followed by resolving the\
second effect. If the first effect can be resolved, it must be resolved as completely as possible before the effect following \'93then\'94 can\
be resolved. If the first effect cannot be resolved, the second effect is still resolved.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 For example, Heroic Sacrifice (SOR #150) has the text: \'93Draw a card, then attack with a unit.\'94 The player resolving the ability must\
draw the card, or attempt to draw the card, before making the attack.\
Any abilities triggered by either effect are not resolved until both effects finish resolving. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\

\fs22 \cf2 30.\

\fs20 UNIQUE, UNIQUE ICON (\uc0\u63194 )\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 A unique card is indicated with a unique icon (\uc0\u63194 ) before the card\'92s name. Unique cards represent iconic characters, objects, or ships\
in the Star Wars universe. \'93Uniqueness\'94 refers to whether or not a card is unique.\
Each unique card has a subtitle to differentiate it from other unique cards with the same name.\
If a unique card has all of the same printed attributes as another unique card, it is considered a \'93copy\'94 of that card and vice versa; but\
if one unique card has one or more different printed attributes from another unique card, it is not a \'93copy\'94 of that card. \cf8 See 8.6. Copy\
\cf7 For example, Luke Skywalker: Faithful Friend (SOR #005) and Luke Skywalker: Jedi Knight (SOR #051) are not considered to be\
\'93copies\'94 of each other; each has multiple different printed attributes, including different costs, subtitles, and abilities. A player can\
have both of these cards under their control at the same time.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 40
\fs20 \cf7 4. 5. 6. 
\fs16 A player can only control one copy of each unique card at a given time. If a player ever has more than one copy of a unique card in\
play under their control at a given time, they must defeat one of them. Defeating one of the copies occurs immediately and is not a\
triggered ability. The player still must resolve any abilities that trigger upon either copy being played or defeated.\
The unique copy limit only refers to unique cards in play, and does not affect cards in a player\'92s hand, deck, discard pile, or resource\
zone.\
The unique copy limit is player-specific. A player and their opponent can each control a copy of the same unique card at the same\
time.\

\fs22 \cf2 31.\

\fs20 UP TO\

\fs22 32.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. \cf2 YOU\

\fs16 \cf7 When resolving an ability that uses the phrase \'93up to X\'94 (where X is some number), the player chooses any integer between 0 and X to\
resolve the ability with.\
If a player is instructed to \'93defeat up to X\'94 cards, but they defeat 0, they are not considered to have defeated any cards.\
If a player is instructed to \'93deal up to X damage,\'94 but they deal 0 damage, they are not considered to have dealt any damage.\
If a player is instructed to \'93heal up to X,\'94 but they heal 0, they are not considered to have healed any damage.\
If a player is instructed to \'93attack with up to X units,\'94 but they attack with 0, they are not considered to have made any attacks.\

\fs22 \cf2 33.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. \cf2 \'93YOU MAY\'94\

\fs16 \cf7 Whenever a card refers to \'93you,\'94 it refers to its controller.\
If a triggered ability\'92s condition references when \'93you\'94 do something, such as \'93When you deal damage,\'94 it refers to any cards you\
control or abilities you resolve.\

\fs20 1. 2. 
\fs16 If an ability uses \'93you may,\'94 a player may choose whether or not to resolve the ability in the way specified following \'93you may.\'94 If the\
player chooses to resolve the text following \'93you may,\'94 they must resolve as much of it as possible.\
Some abilities with \'93you may\'94 are followed by the phrase \'93if you do.\'94 If the player resolves the \'93you may\'94 part of the ability in full, the\
player must then resolve the \'93if you do\'94 part of the ability as well. If they don\'92t resolve the former in full, they ignore the latter.\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 For example, ISB Agent (SOR #176) has an ability that reads, \'93When Played: You may reveal an event from your hand. If you do, deal\
1 damage to a unit.\'94 If Evan controls ISB Agent, he can choose to resolve the ability and deal 1 damage by revealing an event from\
his hand. He must have an event in his hand to do this, and he must reveal it before dealing 1 damage. If he doesn\'92t reveal an event,\
he doesn\'92t deal damage.\
Some abilities with \'93you may\'94 are followed by the phrase \'93Use this ability only once each round.\'94 If a player chooses to resolve the text\
following \'93you may,\'94 they may not choose to resolve that text again that round, even if the ability is triggered again. The ability is only\
considered \'93used\'94 if the player resolving the ability chooses to resolve the text following \'93you may.\'94\
For example, Agent Kallus (SOR #115) has an ability that reads, \'93When another unique unit is defeated: You may draw a card. Use\
this ability only once each round.\'94 If Saoirse controls Agent Kallus when another unique unit is defeated, she can choose to resolve\
the ability and draw a card. If she does, she cannot use the ability again until the next round. If she chooses not to draw a card, she\
may choose to resolve the ability and draw a card when a different unique unit is defeated later in the same round.\

\fs22 \cf2 34.\

\fs20 CAPTURE\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 If an ability instructs a unit to \'93capture\'94 another unit, remove all damage counters from and defeat all upgrades on the unit to be\
captured, then place it facedown under the capturing unit. A captured card \cf4 leaves play when captured\cf7  and is out-of-play while\
captured, but is still \cf4 open\cf7  information to all players.\
A unit that has captured one or more other units is \'93guarding\'94 those units.\
If an ability instructs a player to \'93rescue\'94 a captured unit, that unit is retrieved from under the unit guarding it, flipped faceup, and\
returned to play exhausted under its owner\'92s control. It is considered to enter play but is not played and does not trigger any \'93When\
Played\'94 abilities.\
If a unit that is guarding any number of captured units leaves play, immediately rescue all captured cards that were guarded by that\
unit.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 41
\fs20 \cf7 5. 
\fs16 \cf4 If a token unit would be captured, set it aside instead. It is still considered to leave play.\

\fs22 \cf2 35.\

\fs20 \'93FOR EACH\'94\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 Abilities that use the phrase \'93for each\'94 to create multiple effects are resolved by determining how each effect of the ability will be\
resolved, then resolving all effects simultaneously.\
For example, Calculated Lethality (SHD #039) is an event that reads, \'93Defeat a non-leader unit that costs 3 or less. For each\
upgrade that was on that unit, give an Experience token to a friendly unit.\'94 To resolve the second half of this ability, the player\
that played the event determines how many Experience tokens they will give and which units they will give them to, then gives all\
Experience tokens simultaneously.\
\cf6 8. ADDITIONAL RULES\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 42
\fs26 \cf2 9. TWO-PLAYER CONSTRUCTED FORMATS\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Star Wars: Unlimited can be played using several different game formats. A game format is defined by its player count and\
deckbuilding method. This section describes two-player constructed formats.\
A \'93constructed\'94 deckbuilding format is any format in which players build decks ahead of time from cards in their collection.\
Unless otherwise specified, all rules in the Comprehensive Rules apply to all constructed formats.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 PREMIER FORMAT\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 The premier format is a two-player constructed format. Two-player starter decks follow the premier format.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 Deckbuilding\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A premier deck must include:\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Exactly 1 leader\
Exactly 1 base\
A minimum of 50 other cards (consisting of units, events, and upgrades)\

\fs18 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A premier deck cannot include more than 3 copies of any unit, event, or upgrade.\
\cf6 9. TWO-PLAYER CONSTRUCTED FORMATS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 43
\fs26 \cf2 10. LIMITED FORMATS\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\

\fs22 2.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Star Wars: Unlimited can be played using several different game formats. A game format is defined by its player count and\
deckbuilding method. This section describes the following limited formats: sealed and draft.\
A \'93limited\'94 deckbuilding format is any format where each player in a group builds a deck using cards they receive opening packs from\
a common cardpool.\
Unless otherwise specified, all rules in the Comprehensive Rules apply to all limited formats.\

\fs20 \cf2 SEALED FORMAT\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 The sealed format is a limited format in which each player in a group opens six booster packs from a single Star Wars: Unlimited set\
and uses those cards to build a deck.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 Deckbuilding\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A sealed deck must include:\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Exactly 1 leader\
Exactly 1 base\
A minimum of 30 other cards (consisting of units, events, and upgrades)\

\fs18 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use any one of the six leaders that they opened in their packs for their deck.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use any base they opened in their packs for their deck, or they may use any Common-rarity base with 30 HP and no\
ability that they own or borrow.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 There is no limit to the number of copies of a single card (non-leader, non-base) that a player may include in their deck. If a player\
obtains four or more copies of the same card in their packs, they may include all of those copies.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 DRAFT FORMAT\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 General\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 The draft format is a limited format in which each player in a group opens three booster packs from a single Star Wars: Unlimited\
set and drafts their contents (as explained below). Once all cards have been drafted, each player creates a deck using their drafted\
cards.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 Drafting Clarifications\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player \'93drafts\'94 cards by viewing a group of cards, choosing one to keep in their \'93draft pool,\'94 then passing the remaining cards to\
the next player in sequence. Each time a player passes a group of cards, they also receive a group of cards. Players continue this\
sequence\'97viewing, choosing, and passing\'97until no more cards can be passed.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Single-sided cards being drafted must be kept hidden from other players. When a player is viewing a group of cards, they cannot\
show those cards to other players. When a player passes a group of cards to another player, they pass those cards facedown in a\
stack, near that other player but separate from either player\'92s draft pool. Double-sided leader cards cannot be placed facedown,\
and are considered public knowledge during a draft. A player may ask to view another player\'92s drafted leaders at any time.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player\'92s \'93draft pool\'94 consists of the cards they selected during the drafting process. Each player must keep the cards in their\
draft pool facedown (except for leader cards) and separate from other players\'92 draft pools. Each player may view the cards in their\
draft pool at any time during the drafting process, but may not mix them with the cards they\'92re drafting nor show them to any other\
players. After drafting, each player builds a deck using the cards in their draft pool.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 One end of a Star Wars: Unlimited booster pack has a double-sided leader card, while the other has a card back. When first opening\
a booster pack for a draft, look for the leader card, and do not view any other cards in the pack until instructed.\

\fs18 \cf3 e. 
\fs16 \cf7 Tokens and Common-rarity bases are not drafted. They are set aside after leaders are drafted, but before other cards are drafted.\
\cf6 10. LIMITED FORMATS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 44
\fs18 \cf3 f. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may draft any card and does not need to choose cards that match the aspects of their drafted leaders (though that may\
result in having to pay the aspect penalty if they include those cards in their deck).\

\fs20 3. 
\fs16 Steps of a Draft\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Drafting Leaders\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Each participating player starts with three unopened packs from one Star Wars: Unlimited set.\
Each player partially opens each of their three packs, taking care to remove just the leader card on top of each pack and not to\
look at any other cards in those packs.\
Each player chooses one of the leaders to keep in front of them as part of their draft pool. They then pass the remaining\
leaders to the player to their right.\
Players repeat the previous step, choosing one of the leaders to keep and passing the other to their right. Each player adds the\
last leader passed to them to their draft pool and should now have three leaders each.\

\fs18 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Drafting Remaining Cards\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Each player takes one of the three partially-opened packs in front of them and views all of the cards from it, keeping the cards\
secret from other players. (Set the token from the pack aside; it is not drafted). Each player chooses one of the cards from the\
pack and adds it to their draft pool, then passes the remaining cards from the pack to the player to their left.\
Players repeat the previous step with the cards passed to them\'97viewing the group of cards, adding one to their draft pool, and\
passing the rest\'97until each card has been placed in a draft pool and no more cards can be passed.\
Once all cards from the first packs have been drafted, players repeat this process with the remaining packs. When drafting the\
second pack, each player passes the remaining cards to their right instead of their left. For the third pack, each player passes\
to their left again.\
After drafting all cards, each player uses the cards in their draft pool to build a draft deck.\

\fs20 \cf7 4. 
\fs16 Deckbuilding\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 A draft deck must include:\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Exactly 1 leader\
Exactly 1 base\
A minimum of 30 other cards (consisting of units, events, and upgrades)\

\fs18 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player must use one of the three leaders that they drafted for their deck.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 A player may use any base that they drafted for their deck, or they may use a Common-rarity base with 30 HP and no ability that\
they own or borrow.\

\fs18 \cf3 d. 
\fs16 \cf7 There is no limit to the number of copies of a single card (non-leader, non-base) that a player may include in their deck. If a player\
drafts four or more copies of the same card, they may use all of those copies.\
\cf6 10. LIMITED FORMATS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 45
\fs26 \cf2 11. 
\fs22 1.\

\fs26 PLAYING WITH MORE THAN TWO PLAYERS\

\fs20 GENERAL\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Star Wars: Unlimited can be played using several different game formats. A game format is defined by its player count and\
deckbuilding method. This section describes multiplayer formats, which are for games with more than two players, usually three or\
four.\
Multiplayer games can be played with decks created with either constructed or limited rules. For example, four players may\
construct decks according to the Premier format rules, then play a four-player game together. Or three players could draft with nine\
booster packs and play a three-player game with the decks they build from their draft pool.\
Unless otherwise specified, all rules in the Comprehensive Rules apply to all multiplayer formats.\

\fs22 \cf2 2.\

\fs20 GAMEPLAY OVERVIEW\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 4. 
\fs16 Setting up a multiplayer format game is the same as setting up a two-player game, with the adjustment that each player chooses in\
clockwise order whether or not to take a mulligan\'97the active player is the first to decide, then the next player clockwise from them\
decides, and so on.\
For the ground arena and space arena, each player has a portion of each arena contained to their play area, where each player has a\
ground arena portion on one side of their base zone, and a space arena portion on the other side. Each player\'92s portion of an arena is\
considered part of the larger arena. For instance, a player might play a ground unit into their ground arena portion, and later use it to\
attack an enemy ground unit in an opponent\'92s ground arena portion.\
The player that starts a round with the initiative is the first active player and takes the first action. Then, the next player clockwise\
from the first player becomes the new active player and takes an action. Play continues this way until the end of the action phase.\
Once each player passes consecutively, the action phase ends.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 PLAYER ELIMINATION\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Once a player\'92s base has no remaining HP, that player is eliminated from the game and they cannot take any more actions. All cards\
they own are removed from play and any cards owned by other players in their play area are placed in their owners\'92 discard piles. (The\
removed cards are not considered defeated or discarded, and do not cause abilities to trigger.) Any of their triggered abilities still\
waiting to resolve are ignored.\
An eliminated player cannot be brought back into play; their base cannot be healed, and they cannot be affected by abilities.\
If an eliminated player created a lasting effect or delayed effect earlier in the round they were eliminated, that effect remains active\
in the game, and the remaining players must resolve it as completely as possible.\

\fs20 4. 
\fs16 For example, if the eliminated player had played Make an Opening (SOR #076) during an earlier turn, the unit chosen for the ability\
still would have -2/-2 for the rest of the phase.\
If an eliminated player controlled the initiative counter, return the initiative counter to the center of the game area, \'93available\'94 side\
faceup. It can then be taken by a different player.\

\fs22 \cf2 4.\

\fs20 ADDITIONAL CLARIFICATIONS\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 There are no rules dictating how players may converse with one another in a game. Players may discuss potential actions, open\
information, and hidden information freely. Any deals made between players are not binding.\
For the purposes of card abilities, a player\'92s \'93opponent\'94 is any one of the other players in the game, and a player\'92s \'93opponents\'94 is each\
other player in the game. Even if a player makes a deal with another player, they are still \'93opponents\'94 to each other for the purposes\
of card abilities that affect opponents. If a card ability only affects a single opponent, the player who played (for events) or controls\
(for unit abilities) the card chooses which opponent it affects.\
If an ability that affects multiple players can be resolved simultaneously, resolve that ability simultaneously. Otherwise, the player\
that controls the card with the ability can choose the order in which each player is affected by the ability.\

\fs20 4. 
\fs16 For example, Grand Admiral Thrawn (SOR #016) has an ability where his controller looks at the top card of each player\'92s deck. This\
ability cannot be resolved simultaneously, so Thrawn\'92s controller chooses the order in which they look at the cards. They are not\
required to look at the cards in a specific order.\
A unit with \cf15 Sentinel\cf7  only prevents units in the same arena from attacking its controller\'92s non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf7  units or base. It does not\
prevent one opponent\'92s units from attacking another opponent\'92s non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf7  units or base.\
\cf6 11. PLAYING WITH MORE THAN TWO PLAYERS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 46
\fs20 \cf7 5. 
\fs16 \cf4 During an attack, if the defending player loses control of the defender to a player other than the attacking player, the attack\
continues with the new controller becoming the defending player.\
\cf6 11. PLAYING WITH MORE THAN TWO PLAYERS\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 47
\fs26 \cf2 12. TWIN SUNS (MULTIPLAYER FORMAT)\

\fs22 1.\

\fs20 GENERAL\

\fs22 2.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. \cf2 DECKBUILDING\

\fs16 \cf7 Twin Suns is a special multiplayer format with unique rules, counters, and deckbuilding requirements. In the Twin Suns multiplayer\
format, each player\'92s deck has two leaders instead of one, and each deck can only contain one copy of each card.\
All of the rules for playing with more than two players also apply to the Twin Suns format unless otherwise specified.\

\fs20 1. 
\fs16 The Twin Suns format features unique deckbuilding rules that allow players to put more than one leader into their deck.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Each Twin Suns deck must include:\

\fs26 \cf3 \'95\
\'95\
\'95\

\fs16 Exactly 2 different leaders; these leaders must share either the\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 Exactly 1 base.\
or\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs16 \cf3 aspect.\
At least 50 other cards (consisting of units, events, and upgrades).\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs20 \cf7 2. 
\fs16 Players cannot have more than one copy of any card in their deck. This limit applies to leaders as well as units, events, and upgrades.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Though a player\'92s deck cannot start the game with more than one copy of any given card in their deck, a player still may control\
multiple copies of the same non-unique card through game effects.\

\fs22 \cf2 3.\

\fs20 TWO LEADERS\

\fs22 4.\

\fs20 \cf7 1. 2. 3. \cf2 SETUP\

\fs16 \cf7 Each player\'92s deck must contain two leaders, both of which must share either the\
name, but must not be copies of each other, in order to avoid violating the uniqueness rule.\

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 or\

\fs20\fsmilli10400 \cf3 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 \
\uc0\u63201 \

\fs16 \cf7 aspect. The leaders may have the same\
Both leaders provide their aspect icons to the player\'92s deck.\
A player\'92s leaders can be exhausted, deployed, and defeated independently of each other. A player may have both of their leaders\
deployed at the same time.\

\fs20 1. 
\fs16 Setting up a Twin Suns format game is the same as setting up a multiplayer game as outlined in section 11, with two adjustments:\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 During Step 2 of Setup, players put both of their leaders into play below their base, Leader side faceup.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 During Step 3, after giving the initiative counter to the first player, place the new blast counter and plan counter in the center of the\
game area, within reach of all players. These are explained below.\

\fs22 \cf2 5.\

\fs20 COUNTERS\
\cf7 1. 2. 
\fs16 Twin Suns games require two additional counters: the blast counter and the plan counter. These counters are similar to the initiative\
counter in that a player can use their action to take control of one of them, effectively ending that player\'92s participation in a round.\
Both the blast counter and plan counter have an additional effect when they are taken. Resolve this effect immediately when the\
counter is taken.\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a player takes the blast counter, they deal 1 damage to each opponent\'92s base.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 When a player takes the plan counter, they draw 1 card from their deck, then place 1 card from their hand on the bottom of their\
deck. (They may place the just-drawn card.)\

\fs20 3. 4. 
\fs16 In multiplayer games, the Take the Initiative action in two-player games is replaced with the Take an Available Counter action. When\
a player takes this action, they take control of any one counter that has not been taken (initiative, blast, or plan) and flip that counter\
to its \'93taken\'94 side. The player is considered to have \'93passed\'94 for their action and must \'93pass\'94 for any subsequent actions they would\
take that round, though they still resolve any abilities triggered on cards they control during that round. A player can only take this\
action if they haven\'92t yet taken a counter that round.\
A player cannot take more than one counter in a single round; however, a player may control more than one counter at the same time,\
such as if a player already has control of the initiative from a previous round when they take a different counter.\
\cf6 12. TWIN SUNS (MULTIPLAYER FORMAT)\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 48
\fs20 \cf7 5. 
\fs16 At the start of each regroup phase, return the blast counter and plan counter to the center of the game area, \'93available\'94 side up.\

\fs22 \cf2 6.\

\fs20 ACTION PHASE\
\cf7 1. 
\fs16 Players may take one of the following actions during each of their turns: Play a Card, Attack With a Unit, Use an Action Ability, or Take\
an Available Counter (once per player per round).\

\fs18 \cf3 a. 
\fs16 \cf7 Players may not choose the Pass action available in other formats in place of taking a different action. In the Twin Suns format,\
players may only pass if there are no counters available to take and must pass if they took a counter earlier in the round.\

\fs18 \cf3 b. 
\fs16 \cf7 Once a player has taken a counter, that player cannot take any additional actions for the phase, and must pass any time they would\
take an action. A player cannot take a counter if they already took one that phase, or if all counters were already taken that phase.\

\fs18 \cf3 c. 
\fs16 \cf7 Note that in a three-player game, the third player will necessarily take the last counter, ending the phase. In a four-player game,\
once all three counters have been taken, the last remaining player may pass to end the phase when they either cannot or choose\
not to take any other actions.\

\fs20 2. 
\fs16 Any player who eliminates another player (such as by being the last player to damage the eliminated player\'92s base) immediately heals\
5 damage from their own base. If a player eliminates themself through an ability, no player heals damage from their base this way.\

\fs22 \cf2 7.\

\fs20 ENDING THE GAME\
\cf7 1. 2. 3. 
\fs16 Once one player is eliminated, the game will end once the current phase ends. The player with the most HP remaining on their base\
at the end of the current phase wins the game.\
At the end the phase, any \'93for this phase\'94 or \'93until the end of the phase\'94 abilities still expire, and players still resolve any abilities\
triggered \'93at the end of the phase.\'94\
If multiple players are tied for the most HP remaining on their bases at the end of the game, they share the victory.\
\cf6 12. TWIN SUNS (MULTIPLAYER FORMAT)\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 49
\fs26 \cf2 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\

\fs16 \cf3 The following index and glossary contains brief summaries of terms discussed in the Comprehensive Rules. For more in-depth rules and clarifications, see\
the indicated rule number after each entry. This index and glossary is intended for quick reference only; rulings in the Comprehensive Rules above take\
precedence over any summary found below.\
ABILITY\
An ability is special text on a card that explains how the card can affect the game. A card may have one or more abilities printed in its text box, or gain an\
ability from other cards in play. Abilities must be resolved as fully as possible. \cf8 See 1.3.2. for more on \'93Do As Much As You Can\'94\cf3  & \cf8 1.6. Abilities\
\cf3 ACTION ABILITY\
An action ability is an ability indicated by the bolded word \'93Action.\'94 Most action abilities have a cost in brackets that must be paid in order to use the ability.\
Using an action ability is one type of action a player can take during their turn. \cf8 See 7.2. Action Abilities\
\cf3 ACTION PHASE\
Each game round is made up of two phases: an action phase and a regroup phase. During an action phase, players take turns taking actions. \cf8 See 5.4. Action\
Phase\
\cf3 ACTIVE PLAYER\
The active player is the player that is currently taking an action. Players take turns being the active player during the action phase. \cf8 See 1.4. Players, Active\
Player\
\cf3 ADDITIONAL COST\
Some abilities add an additional cost to play a card, applying a non-resource cost to that card. In order to play that card, a player must pay both the card\'92s cost\
in resources, and all additional costs applied to the card. \cf8 See 1.8.8. for more on additional costs\
\cf3 AMBUSH\
After a unit with the \cf15 Ambush\cf3  keyword is played, its controller may ready it and use it to attack an enemy unit. \cf8 See 7.5.5. Ambush\
\cf3 ANOTHER, OTHER\
A card with an ability that uses \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 cannot apply the effects of its ability to itself. Additionally, an ability may use \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 to separate\
the first card it affects from a different card that it affects. \cf8 See 8.19. Other, Another\
\cf3 ARENA\
There are two arenas in the game: the ground arena and the space arena. Each arena is its own zone shared by players. A unit\'92s arena type indicates which\
arena it is played into. \cf8 See 4.3. Ground Arena\cf3  & \cf8 See 4.4. Space Arena\
\cf3 ASPECT\
Aspects are colored icons on a card that represent a different philosophy or motivation that card embodies. The six aspects and their associated colors are:\
Vigilance 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf11 \uc0\u63196 \u63188 \cf2 \uc0\u63188 \

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 , Command 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf12 \uc0\u63198 \u63190 \cf2 \uc0\u63190 \

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 , Aggression 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf4 \uc0\u63195 \u63187 \cf2 \uc0\u63187 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 , Cunning 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf13 \uc0\u63197 \u63189 \cf2 \uc0\u63189 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 , Villainy 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \u63199 \u63191 \cf2 \uc0\u63191 \

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 , and Heroism 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \uc0\u63201 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63184 \cf14 \uc0\u63200 \u63192 \cf2 \uc0\u63192 
\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf3 \uc0\u63201 
\fs16 . \cf8 See 1.5.6. Aspects\
\cf3 ASPECT PENALTY\
When a player plays a card with one or more aspect icons beyond the aspect icons provided by their leader and/or base, they incur the aspect penalty, and\
must pay 2 resources for each missing icon. \cf8 See 8.1. Aspect Penalty\
\cf3 ATTACHED\
Upgrades are put into play attached to units. When an upgrade is attached to a unit, the unit is attached to that upgrade. \cf8 See 3.6. Upgrade\
\cf3 ATTACK WITH A UNIT\
As an action or through certain abilities, a player may attack with a unit by exhausting a unit they control to be \'93the attacker\'94 and choosing what it attacks:\
either a \'93defender\'94 or the opponent\'92s base. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf3 ATTACKER\
An attacker is a unit chosen to make an attack. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 50\cf3 ATTRIBUTE\
An attribute is a part of a card\'92s anatomy. Attributes include a card\'92s name, subtitle, card type, arena type, cost, aspect(s), power, power modifier, HP, HP\
modifier, trait(s), and/or text box. A card\'92s attributes can be modified through upgrades and abilities. \cf8 See 8.3. Attribute\
\cf3 BASE\
Each deck has 1 base, which represents a location in the Star Wars universe. If a player\'92s base is defeated, that player loses the game. \cf8 See 3.2. Base\
\cf3 BASE ZONE\
Each player has their own base zone, which contains their base and their leader when the leader isn\'92t deployed. \cf8 See 4.2. Base Zone\
\cf3 BLAST COUNTER\
The blast counter is an additional counter added in the Twin Suns format used to end a player\'92s participation in a round. When a player takes the blast counter,\
they immediately deal 1 damage to each opponent\'92s base. \cf8 See 12.5. Counters\
\cf3 BOUNTY\
When a player\'92s unit with a \cf15 Bounty\cf3  \cf4 i\cf3 s defeated or captured, an opponent gets to collect its \cf15 Bounty\cf3  and resolve its ability. \cf8 See 7.5.13. Bounty\
\cf3 \'93CAN\'94\
When \'93can\'94 is used in a card ability, that ability adjusts or overrides a default rule of play. The player controlling a card with such an ability is able to choose\
whether to use that ability in the way specified or follow the default rule of play instead. \cf8 See 1.3.3. for more on \'93Restrictions Override Permissions\'94\cf3  & \cf8 8.4. \'93Can\'94\
and \'93Can\'92t\'94\
\cf3 \'93CAN\'92T\'94\
If the word \'93can\'92t\'94 is used in an ability or rule it overrides permissions. If an ability with the word \'93may\'94 or \'93can\'94 directly contradicts an ability that uses the word\
\'93can\'92t\'94, then the ability that uses \'93can\'92t\'94 takes precedence. \cf8 See 1.3.3. for more on \'93Restrictions Override Permissions\'94\cf3  & \cf8 8.4. \'93Can\'94 and \'93Can\'92t\'94\
\cf3 CAPTURE\
When a unit captures another unit, the captured unit is removed from play and placed facedown under the capturing unit, which is now guarding it. The\
captured unit is rescued when the unit guarding it is removed from play. \cf8 See 8.34. Capture\
\cf3 CARD TYPE\
A card\'92s type is located in the top left corner of the card. There are six different types of cards: bases, events, leaders, units, upgrades, and tokens. Each type\
of card has its own associated rules. A resource is not considered a type of card. \cf8 See 3. Card Types\
\cf3 CHOOSE\
When an ability instructs a player to \'93choose\'94 a game object, they must select a game object that matches the criteria specified by the ability. When an event\
ability instructs a player to \'93choose\'94 a number of multiple bulleted options, they must choose a different option each time. \cf8 See 8.5. Choose\
\cf3 COMBAT DAMAGE\
Combat damage is damage dealt during Step 2 of an attack. Combat damage is both the damage an attacker deals to a defender/base, and the damage a\
defender deals to an attacker. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf3 COMPLETES AN ATTACK\
Abilities with a triggering condition of \'93When this unit completes an attack\'94 trigger during Step 3 of an attack. The unit with the ability must survive the\
attack for the ability to trigger. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf3 CONSTANT ABILITY\
A constant ability is always in effect while the card it is on is in play, regardless of if that card is ready or exhausted. A constant ability may require a condition\
to be met for it to affect the game. \cf8 See 7.3. Constant Abilities\
\cf3 CONTROL, CONTROLLER\
A player is the controller of any card they played or put into play, unless another player used an ability to take control of such a card. Control of a card is\
constant; if a player takes control of a card, they remain the controller of that card until otherwise specified. \cf8 See 1.5.2. Ownership and Control\cf3  & \cf8 8.28. Take\
Control\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 51\cf3 COORDINATE\
A \cf15 Coordinate\cf3  ability on a card is active while that card\'92s controller controls 3 or more units. \cf8 See 7.5.15. Coordinate\
\cf3 COPY\
A card is a copy of another card if both cards have all of the same printed attributes. \cf8 See 8.6. Copy\
\cf3 COST\
A card\'92s cost indicates how many resources must be spent to play the card. \cf8 See 1.8. Cost\
\cf3 DAMAGE\
Cards with HP values can be dealt damage by attacks and abilities. Damage is represented by damage counters. \cf8 See 1.9. Damage\
\cf3 DECK\
A player\'92s deck is the collection of cards that they use to play the game. Each player\'92s deck is its own zone. \cf8 See 1.2. Deck\
\cf3 DECKBUILDING\
Deckbuilding rules vary based on the format being played. \cf8 See 9.2. Premier Format\cf3 , \cf8 10.2. Sealed Format\cf3 , \cf8 10.3. Draft Format\cf3 , & \cf8 12.2. Deckbuilding (Twin Suns)\cf3 .\
DEFEAT\
A card is defeated when it leaves play, either when it has no remaining HP or an ability defeats it directly. \cf8 See 1.5.5. Defeating Cards\
\cf3 DEFENDER\
A defender is a unit in combat being attacked. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf3 DEFENDING PLAYER\
A defending player is the controller of a unit or base being attacked. \cf8 See 6.3. Attack With a Unit\
\cf3 DELAYED EFFECT\
A delayed effect is created when a card ability indicates a future timing point or a future condition that may arise and an effect that will happen at that time.\
Once created, a delayed effect will resolve at the specified timing point or condition, even if the ability that created it was on a card that left play. \cf8 See 7.7.4.\
Delayed Effect\
\cf3 DEPLOY\
To deploy a leader, flip it to its Leader Unit side, ready it, and move it from the base zone to the ground arena. A deployed leader can attack, be attacked, and\
use the abilities on its Leader Unit side. \cf8 See 3.4. Leader\
\cf3 DISCARD\
To discard a card means to move it to its owner\'92s discard pile from another zone, usually from a player\'92s hand or deck. \cf8 See 1.14. Discarding a Card\
\cf3 DISCARD PILE\
Each player has a discard pile, and each discard pile is its own zone. Played events, defeated (non-leader) units, defeated upgrades, and discarded cards are\
placed in a player\'92s discard pile, faceup. \cf8 See 4.8. Discard Pile\
\cf3 DRAFT FORMAT\
The draft format is a two-player game format that uses limited deckbuilding. To build a draft deck, each player in a group opens three booster packs from a\
single Star Wars: Unlimited set and drafts their contents, first by drafting three leaders from those packs, then by drafting the rest of the cards from those\
packs. Once all cards have been drafted, each player creates a deck using their draft pool. \cf8 See 10.3. Draft Format\
\cf3 DRAW\
To draw a card, a player moves the top card of their deck into their hand, unless otherwise specified. \cf8 See 1.13. Drawing a Card\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 52\cf3 EFFECT\
An effect is a non-cost part of a card ability that has the potential to change the game state. Some effects resolve separately from the ability that created\
them or replace the standard resolution of the ability that created them. \cf8 See 7.7. Effects\
\cf3 EMPTY DECK\
If a player runs out of cards in their deck, they continue playing with the cards they have in play and in hand. If a player would draw a card from their empty\
deck, they instead deal 3 damage to their base for each card they would draw. \cf8 See 8.7. Empty Deck\
\cf3 ENEMY\
A card that a player\'92s opponent controls is considered an \'93enemy\'94 card for that player. \cf8 See 1.5.3. Friendly and Enemy\
\cf3 ENTERS PLAY\
A card enters play when it moves from an out-of-play zone to an in-play zone (for example, when a unit is played from a player\'92s hand into the ground arena) or\
when it is turned faceup. \cf8 See 8.8. Enters Play\
\cf3 EPIC ACTION\
An Epic Action ability is a type of action ability that can only be resolved once per game. \cf8 See 7.2.4. for more on Epic Actions\
\cf3 EVENT\
An event is a type of card. When a player plays an event, they place the event in its owner\'92s discard pile, then they resolve the event\'92s ability. \cf8 See 3.3. Event\
\cf3 EVENT ABILITY\
An event ability is an ability found in the text box of an event card. \cf8 See 7.4. Event Abilities\
\cf3 EXCESS DAMAGE\
\'93Excess damage\'94 refers to damage that would be dealt to a unit beyond the amount needed to defeat that unit. \cf8 See 1.9.11. for more on excess damage\
\cf3 EXHAUSTED\
A card is exhausted when it is turned sideways (rotated 90 degrees). Some action abilities require a card to exhaust itself, and will indicate this with the 
\fs20\fsmilli10400 \uc0\u63193 \

\fs16 symbol. \cf8 See 1.5.4. Ready and Exhausted\
\cf3 EXPERIENCE TOKEN\
An Experience token is a type of token upgrade that gives a unit +1 power and +1 HP. \cf8 See 3.7. Token\
\cf3 EXPLOIT\
When playing a card that has \cf15 Exploit\cf3 , a player can defeat a number of units up to the number specified. For each unit defeated this way, the cost of the card\
being played is reduced by 2. \cf8 See 7.5.16. Exploit\
\cf3 FIRST\
Abilities that refer to the \'93first\'94 occurrence in a phase refer to the very first occurrence that phase, regardless of whether the card with the ability was in play\
when it occurred. \cf8 See 8.9. First\
\cf3 \'93FOR EACH\'94\
Abilities that take the form \'93For each X, do Y\'94 are resolved by determining how each instance of the ability will be resolved, then resolving all instances\
simultaneously. \cf8 See 8.35. \'93For Each\'94\
\cf3 \'93FOR FREE\'94\
If an ability instructs a player to play a card \'93for free,\'94 the player bypasses all modifiers to that card\'92s cost, including the aspect penalty, and does not pay any\
resources to play that card. The player must still pay any additional non-resource costs applied to the card. \cf8 See 1.8.5. for more on \'93for free\'94\
\cf3 FOR THIS ATTACK, FOR THIS PHASE\
Abilities that specify a duration, like \'93for this attack\'94 or \'93for this phase,\'94 are known as lasting effects. Lasting effects only affect the game for the specified\
amount of time. \cf8 See 7.7.3. Lasting Effects\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 53\cf3 FRIENDLY\
A card that a player controls is considered a \'93friendly\'94 card for that player. \cf8 See 1.5.3. Friendly and Enemy\
\cf3 GAME AREA\
The \'93game area\'94 refers to all zones in the game collectively. \cf8 See 4. Zones\
\cf3 GAME STATE\
The \'93game state\'94 refers to: each card\'92s current zone, controller, attributes, and status; the initiative counter\'92s controller and status; the status of open and\
hidden information for a player; and the status of all active lasting effects and delayed effects. An action, ability, or payment of a cost that changes any of\
these elements is considered to change the game state. A player must change the game state when taking any action other than passing. \cf8 See 1.16. Game State\
\cf3 GIVE/GET\
Abilities often tell a player to \'93give\'94 a unit a token or a power/HP modifier or indicate that a unit \'93gets\'94 that modifier. \cf8 See 3.7. Token\cf3  & \cf8 8.16. Modifiers\
\cf3 GRIT\
A unit with the \cf15 Grit\cf3  keyword gets +1 power and +0 HP for each damage on it. \cf8 See 7.5.6. Grit\
\cf3 GROUND ARENA\
The ground arena is a zone shared by players. Ground units are played into the ground arena. \cf8 See 4.3. Ground Arena\
\cf3 HAND\
Each player\'92s hand is its own zone. A player can have any number of cards in their hand. \cf8 See 4.7. Hand\
\cf3 HEAL\
When an ability or effect heals a number of damage from a card, remove that many damage counters from that card. \cf8 See 1.9. Damage\
\cf3 HIDDEN INFORMATION\
Hidden information refers to cards that have restrictions on when they can be viewed, and by whom. A card may be hidden information for one player but not\
another. \cf8 See 1.17. Open and Hidden Information\
\cf3 HP\
HP, or Hit Points, is an attribute that indicates how much damage a card can have on it before it is defeated. Units and bases have HP values. \cf8 See 1.11. HP\
\cf3 HP MODIFIER\
An HP modifier is an attribute that modifies the attached unit\'92s HP value by the printed number. Only upgrades have an HP modifier. \cf8 See 2.11. HP Modifier\
\cf3 \'93IF YOU DO\'94\
If an ability uses the phrase \'93if you do,\'94 the text preceding \'93if you do\'94 must be resolved in full in order to resolve the text following \'93if you do.\'94 \cf8 See 8.10. \'93If You Do\'94\
\cf3 IGNORE\
If a player is instructed to \'93ignore\'94 a keyword ability, they treat that ability as inactive, as specified by the \'93ignore\'94 effect. If a player is instructed to \'93ignore\'94 the\
aspect penalty for a card, they pay the cost of the card without accounting for any aspect icons on the card that aren\'92t provided by the player\'92s leader and/or\
base. \cf8 See 8.11. Ignore\
\cf3 IN-PLAY\
Cards in the ground arena, space arena, base zones, and resources zones are considered \'93in-play.\'94 By default, cards that are in-play have the potential to\
affect the game through use of their abilities, power, and HP. \cf8 See 4.9. In-Play and Out-of-Play\
\cf3 INITIATIVE, INITIATIVE COUNTER\
The initiative is a game concept represented by the initiative counter. The player that controls the initiative counter is the first active player in a round and\
takes the first action. During a player\'92s turn, they may use the Take the Initiative action, ensuring they will go first in the next round. \cf8 See 1.15.5. Take the\
Initiative\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 54\cf3 INSTEAD\
An ability that uses \'93instead\'94 indicates a replacement effect in which the standard resolution of a triggering condition or ability is replaced with an alternate\
resolution. \cf8 See 7.7.5. Replacement Effects\
\cf3 KEYWORD, KEYWORD ABILITY\
A keyword or keyword ability is a card ability indicated with bold red text and that has specific associated rules. \cf8 See 7.5. Keyword Abilities\
\cf3 LAST KNOWN INFORMATION\
Last known information is information about a card that\'92s no longer in play, accounting for the controller of the card and modifiers applied to that card\
immediately before it left play. Last known information is used primarily when resolving a \'93When Defeated\'94 ability on a card that left play. \cf8 See 8.12. Last Known\
Information\
\cf3 LASTING EFFECT\
A lasting effect is a part of an ability that affects the game for a specified duration of time. Most lasting effects include the phrase \'93for this phase\'94 or \'93for this\
attack.\'94 \cf8 See 7.7.3. Lasting Effect\
\cf3 LEADER\
A leader is a double-sided card that represents an iconic Star Wars character. Each deck has 1 leader. Each leader starts the game in its owner\'92s base zone,\
and \cf4 most leaders can be deployed as units\cf3  during the game. \cf8 See 3.4. Leader\
\cf3 LEAVES PLAY\
A card leaves play when it moves from an in-play zone to an out-of-play zone (for example, when a unit is defeated and moved to its owner\'92s discard pile) or\
when it is turned facedown. \cf8 See 8.13. Leaves Play\
\cf3 LOOK AT\
When a player is instructed to \'93look at\'94 cards from a specific zone, the player picks up those cards and views them, keeping them secret from other players.\
The player cannot change the order of those cards. After viewing, the player returns the cards to the zone in the same order and orientation as they were\
previously. \cf8 See 8.14. Look At\
\cf3 LOSE (AN ABILITY)\
Abilities may cause a card to lose some or all of its abilities, including specific keywords. \cf8 See 8.15. Lose, Loses\
\cf3 MODIFIER\
A modifier refers to a change of a printed value on a card through an ability applied to that card or an upgrade attached to that card. When a modifier is\
applied to a printed value, it creates a modified value, which in turn is used to resolve abilities or actions that depend on that value. \cf8 See 8.16. Modifiers\
\cf3 MULLIGAN\
During game setup, if a player is unsatisfied with their opening hand, they may take a mulligan by shuffling that hand back into their deck and drawing a new\
opening hand. The player must keep this new hand. \cf8 See 5.2. Starting the Game and Setup\
\cf3 \'93MUST\'94\
If a card ability states that an effect \'93must\'94 happen or a specific choice \'93must\'94 be made, the player has to resolve the ability as specified, as much as they are\
able. \cf8 See 8.17. \'93Must\'94\
\cf3 NAME\
A card\'92s name is located at the top of the card. An ability may refer to a card\'92s name or require a player to name a card. \cf8 See 2.2. Name\
\cf3 NAME A CARD\
If an ability instructs a player to \'93name a card,\'94 that player clearly indicates the name of any card in Star Wars: Unlimited (such as by saying its name out loud),\
and applies the rest of the ability to any cards with that name in the game. These abilities do not account for subtitles; the player does not need to specify a\
subtitle when naming a card. \cf8 See 8.18. Name a Card\
\cf3 NESTED ABILITY\
A nested ability occurs when resolving one triggered ability causes a second ability to trigger; the second ability is a nested ability. Any abilities triggered\
before a nested ability is triggered must be put on hold until the nested ability resolves. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 55\cf3 ON ATTACK ABILITY\
Some triggered abilities are indicated with \'93On Attack\'94 in bold, followed by a colon and an effect. On Attack abilities are resolved when the unit they\'92re on\
attacks, after the defender is chosen but before units deal combat damage. \cf8 See 7.6.15. On Attack\
\cf3 OPEN INFORMATION\
Open information refers to cards that can be viewed by any player at any time. \cf8 See 1.17. Open and Hidden Information\
\cf3 OPPONENT\
A player\'92s opponent is a person playing the game other than that player. \cf8 See 1.4. Players, Active Player\
\cf3 OTHER, ANOTHER\
A card with an ability that uses \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 cannot apply the effects of its ability to itself. Additionally, an event ability may use \'93other\'94 or \'93another\'94 to\
separate the first card it affects from a different card that it affects. \cf8 See 8.19. Other, Another\
\cf3 OUT-OF-PLAY\
Cards in decks, hands, and discard piles are \'93out-of-play.\'94 By default, cards that are out-of-play don\'92t have the potential to affect the game through use of their\
abilities, power, and HP; an ability must state that it affects the game while out-of-play, or be a type of ability that does. \cf8 See 4.9. In-Play and Out-of-Play\
\cf3 OVERWHELM\
When an attacker with the \cf15 Overwhelm\cf3  keyword deals combat damage to a defender, its controller deals any excess damage to the defending player\'92s base.\
\cf8 See 7.5.7. Overwhelm\
\cf3 OWNER\
A player is the owner of any card that started the game in their deck. \cf8 See 1.5.2. Ownership and Control\
\cf3 PASS\
When a player passes, they are considered to have done nothing during their action. \cf8 See 1.15.6. Pass\
\cf3 PERMISSION (VS. RESTRICTION)\
In case of a conflict between a restrictive ability and a permissive ability, the restriction takes precedence. \cf8 See 1.3.3. for more on \'93Restrictions Override\
Permissions\'94\
\cf3 PHASE\
A round is made up of two phases: an action phase and a regroup phase. \cf8 See 5.4. Action Phase\cf3  & \cf8 5.5. Regroup Phase\
\cf3 PLAN COUNTER\
The plan counter is an additional counter added in the Twin Suns format used to end a player\'92s participation in a round. When a player takes the plan counter,\
they immediately draw 1 card from their deck, then place 1 card from their hand on the bottom of their deck. \cf8 See 12.5. Counters\
\cf3 PLAY A CARD\
To play a card, a player selects a card in their hand, pays resources equal to its cost, and either puts it into play if it is a unit or upgrade, or puts it in their\
discard pile and resolves its ability if it is an event. \cf8 See 6.2. Play a Card\
\cf3 PLAY AREA\
A player\'92s play area consists of cards the player controls in in-play zones, with the exception of any upgrades the player controls attached to enemy units; this\
includes cards in their base zone, cards in their resource zone, units they control, and upgrades attached to units they control. \cf8 See 4.10. Play Area\
\cf3 PLAY RESTRICTION\
A play restriction is a condition that prevents a card from being played. Play restrictions are checked before paying the costs to play a card. \cf8 See 8.20. Play\
Restrictions\
\cf3 PLAYER\
A player is a person participating in the game. \cf8 See 1.4. Players, Active Player\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 56\cf3 POWER\
Power is an attribute that indicates how much damage a unit deals in combat. \cf8 See 1.10. Power\
\cf3 POWER MODIFIER\
A power modifier is an attribute that modifies the attached unit\'92s power value by the printed number. Only upgrades have a power modifier. \cf8 See 2.9. Power\
Modifier\
\cf3 PREVENT (DAMAGE)\
If an ability prevents damage from being dealt to a unit or base, do not place any damage counters on that unit or base. Damage is not considered dealt to that\
unit or base, and abilities that would trigger when damage is dealt don\'92t trigger. \cf8 See 8.21. Prevent (Damage)\
\cf3 PRINTED\
Printed is a term used in rules text to refer to an attribute physically printed on a card to differentiate that attribute from modifiers, abilities, and effects\
applied to the card. This term is used for rules clarification purposes, such as when explaining the steps of modifying a card\'92s cost. \cf8 See 8.22. Printed\
\cf3 PUT INTO PLAY AS A RESOURCE\
If an ability instructs a player to put a card into play as a resource, the card is placed facedown and exhausted in that player\'92s resource zone unless otherwise\
specified. The card is not considered \'93played\'94 and no \'93When Played\'94 abilities trigger. \cf8 See 1.7. Resources\
\cf3 RAID\
When a unit with the \cf15 Raid\cf3  keyword attacks, it gets extra power equal to the value following \cf15 Raid\cf3 . \cf8 See 7.5.8. Raid\
\cf3 READY\
A card is ready when it is turned upright. \cf8 See 1.5.4. Ready and Exhausted\
\cf3 REGROUP PHASE\
Each game round is made up of two phases: an action phase and a regroup phase. During a regroup phase, players draw cards, choose whether to resource,\
and ready exhausted cards. \cf8 See 5.5. Regroup Phase\
\cf3 REMAINING HP\
A unit\'92s remaining HP is determined by subtracting the number of damage on it from its HP value. If a unit\'92s remaining HP is zero or less, that unit is defeated.\
\cf8 See 1.11. HP\
\cf3 REMINDER TEXT\
Reminder text is italicized text in parentheses following an ability that helps clarify rules for that ability. Reminder text has no inherent mechanical effect. \cf8 See\
2.13.2. for more on reminder text\
\cf3 REPLACEMENT EFFECT\
A replacement effect occurs when the standard resolution of a triggering condition or ability is replaced with an alternate resolution. This alternate resolution\
is the replacement effect. \cf8 See 7.7.5. Replacement Effect\
\cf3 RESOURCE\
A resource is a type of game object a card becomes when put into a play in a resource zone. Players pay the cost of cards by exhausting resources they\
control. A resourced card\'92s printed attributes are inactive and do not affect the game unless otherwise specified. \cf8 See 1.7. Resources\
\cf3 RESOURCE ZONE\
Each player has a resource zone which contains the resources that they control. \cf8 See 4.5. Resource Zone\
\cf3 RESTORE\
When a unit with the \cf15 Restore\cf3  keyword attacks, its controller heals damage from their base equal to the value following \cf15 Restore\cf3 . \cf8 See 7.5.9. Restore\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 57\cf3 RESTRICTION (VS. PERMISSION)\
In case of a conflict between a restrictive ability and a permissive ability, the restriction takes precedence. \cf8 See 1.3.3. for more on \'93Restrictions Override\
Permissions\'94\
\cf3 RETURN\
Some card abilities will \'93return\'94 a specific type of card to its owner\'92s hand. By default, only cards that are in play can be returned this way; an ability must\
specify that it is returning a card from an out-of-play zone in order to do so. \cf8 See 8.25. Return\
\cf3 REVEAL\
To reveal a card means to show the faceup side of the card to all players. Abilities can cause a player to reveal cards from their deck, hand, or resource zone.\
\cf8 See 8.26. Reveal\
\cf3 ROUND\
A game round consists of two phases: an action phase and a regroup phase. \cf8 See 5.3. Round\
\cf3 SABOTEUR\
When a unit with the \cf15 Saboteur\cf3  keyword attacks, it ignores enemy units with the \cf15 Sentinel\cf3  keyword in its arena, and it also defeats all Shield tokens on the\
defender. \cf8 See 7.5.10. Saboteur\
\cf3 SEARCH\
When an ability instructs a player to search their deck, that player views either a certain number of cards from their deck or their entire deck to find one or\
more cards with a specified attribute. The ability then instructs the player on what to do if they find a card with that attribute. The player may also choose to\
resolve the ability as though no such card(s) was found. \cf8 See 8.27. Search\
\cf3 SENTINEL\
A unit with the \cf15 Sentinel\cf3  keyword prevents enemy units in its arena from attacking its controller\'92s base or other non-\cf15 Sentinel\cf3  units its controller controls.\
Enemy units with \cf15 Saboteur\cf3  ignore the \cf15 Sentinel\cf3  keyword when attacking. \cf8 See 7.5.11. Sentinel\
\cf3 SET ASIDE\
A card that is set aside is not considered to be in any zone. \cf8 See 4.11. Set Aside/Being in No Zone\
\cf3 SHIELD TOKEN\
A Shield token is a type of token upgrade. When a unit with one or more attached Shield tokens would take damage, instead defeat a Shield token on that unit.\
\cf8 See 3.7. Token\
\cf3 SHIELDED\
When a unit with the \cf15 Shielded\cf3  keyword is played or deployed, give it a Shield token. \cf8 See 7.5.12. Shielded\
\cf3 SHUFFLE\
To shuffle a deck means to randomize the order of the cards in a deck. Players shuffle their decks during setup and anytime they search their entire deck. \cf8 See\
5.2. Starting the Game and Setup\cf3  & \cf8 See 8.27. Search\
\cf3 SIMULTANEOUS TRIGGERS (ONE PLAYER)\
If one player must resolve multiple abilities that are triggered at the same time, the player resolves them in any order they choose. \cf8 See 7.6.9. for more on\
simultaneous triggers\
\cf3 SIMULTANEOUS TRIGGERS (MULTIPLE PLAYERS)\
If multiple players must resolve abilities that are triggered at the same time, the active player chooses one player at a time to resolve abilities. \cf8 See 7.6.10. for\
more on simultaneous triggers\
\cf3 SMUGGLE\
\cf15 Smuggle\cf3  is an ability that allows a player to play a card from their resource zone by paying the\cf4  \cf15 Smuggle\cf4  \cf3 ability\'92s cost. The card is replaced in the resource zone\
by the top card of the player\'92s deck, which enters play exhausted. A resource may be exhausted to pay for its own \cf15 Smuggle\cf3  cost. \cf8 See 7.5.14. Smuggle\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 58\cf3 SPACE ARENA\
The space arena is a zone shared by players. Space units are played into the space arena. \cf8 See 4.4. Space Arena\
\cf3 SUBTITLE\
Each unique card has a subtitle to differentiate that card from other unique cards with the same name. \cf8 See 2.3. Subtitle\
\cf3 TAKE CONTROL\
Abilities may tell a player to take control of an enemy unit. When a player takes control of a unit, they become its controller and orient it facing them. \cf8 See 1.5.2.\
Ownership and Control\cf3  & \cf8 8.28. Take Control\
\cf3 TAKE THE INITIATIVE\
As an action during their turn, a player may \'93take the initiative,\'94 taking control of the initiative counter and flipping it to its \'93taken\'94 side. A player is considered\
to have \'93passed\'94 during this action and must pass during any other actions they would take during that round. \cf8 See 1.15.5. Take the Initiative\
\cf3 TEXT BOX\
A card\'92s text box contains any abilities that the card has. \cf8 See 2.13. Text Box\
\cf3 \'93THEN\'94\
If an ability uses \'93then,\'94 the text before \'93then\'94 must be resolved as completely as possible before the text following \'93then\'94 can be resolved. \cf8 See 8.29. \'93Then\'94\
\cf3 TOKEN\
A token is a type of card that is set aside at the start of the game and put into play by specific abilities. If a token ever leaves play, set it aside. \cf8 See 3.7. Token\
\cf3 TRAIT\
A card\'92s traits are located directly underneath the card\'92s art, and are flavorful attributes that categorize the card. Traits have no inherent rules, but may be\
referenced by card abilities. \cf8 See 2.12. Traits\
\cf3 TRIGGERED ABILITY\
Triggered abilities have bold text indicating their triggering condition, starting with the word \'93When\'94 or \'93On\'94, followed by a colon and an effect. A triggered\
ability must resolve once its triggering condition is met unless the ability uses the phrase \'93you may.\'94 Once triggered, these abilities must resolve at the next\
available opportunity. \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\
\cf3 TRIGGERING CONDITION\
A triggering condition is a game occurrence that prompts a triggered ability to resolve. Triggered abilities have their triggering conditions printed in bold,\
such as \'93When Played,\'94 \'93When Defeated,\'94 or \'93On Attack.\'94 \cf8 See 7.6. Triggered Abilities\
\cf3 UNIQUE\
A unique card is indicated with a unique icon (\uc0\u63194 ) before the card\'92s name. Unique cards represent iconic characters, objects, or ships in the Star Wars universe.\
A player can only control one copy of each unique card at a given time. \cf8 See 8.30. Unique, Unique Icon\
\cf3 UNIT\
A unit is a type of card depicting a Star Wars character or vehicle. Units in play can attack, be attacked, and have their abilities used. \cf8 See 3.5. Unit\
\cf3 UP TO\
When resolving an ability that uses the phrase \'93up to X\'94 (where X is some number), the player chooses a number between 0 and X to resolve the ability with.\
\cf8 See 8.31. \'93Up to\'94\
\cf3 UPGRADE\
An upgrade is a type of card that attaches to a unit. An upgrade can only be played if there is an eligible unit in play for it to attach to. Upgrades may modify\
the attached unit\'92s attributes or give the attached unit abilities. \cf8 See 3.6. Upgrade\
\cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 59\cf3 USE AN ACTION ABILITY\
As an action, a player may use an action ability on a card they control: they pay the ability\'92s cost if it has one, then resolve the ability\'92s effect. \cf8 See 6.4. Use an\
Action Ability\
\cf3 WHEN DEFEATED\
\'93When Defeated\'94 abilities are triggered abilities that resolve when the card they\'92re on is defeated, after the card is placed in its owner\'92s discard pile. These\
abilities are resolved by the player that last controlled the card before it left play. \cf8 See 7.6.14. When Defeated\
\cf3 WHEN PLAYED\
\'93When Played\'94 abilities are triggered abilities that resolve when the card they\'92re on is played, after the card\'92s cost is paid and it is put into play. \cf8 See 7.6.13.\
When Played\
\cf3 WOULD\
An ability that uses \'93would\'94 indicates a replacement effect in which the standard resolution of a triggering condition or ability is replaced with an alternate\
resolution. \cf8 See 7.7.5. Replacement Effects\
\cf3 \'93YOU MAY\'94\
If an ability uses \'93you may,\'94 the player may choose whether or not to resolve the ability in the way specified following \'93you may.\'94 If the player chooses to resolve\
the text following \'93you may,\'94 they must resolve as much of it as possible. \cf8 See 8.33. \'93You May\'94\
\cf3 ZONE\
A zone is a defined area of the game with specific rules. There are seven different types of zones in the game: each player\'92s base zone, the ground arena, the\
space arena, each player\'92s resource zone, each player\'92s deck zone, each player\'92s hand, and each player\'92s discard pile. \cf8 See 4. Zones\

\f1\i \cf3 \'a9 & \'99 Lucasfilm Ltd. Fantasy Flight Games and the FFG logo are \'ae of Fantasy Flight Games. Fantasy Flight Games is located at 1995 West County\
Road B2, Roseville, MN 55113, USA, 651-639-1905. Actual components may vary from those shown.\

\f0\i0 \cf6 13. INDEX/GLOSSARY\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 60\cf6 11. Playing with more than Two Players\
\cf5 CONTENTS GLOSSARY 61}